  * English
  * French
  * German

Back to start Your delivery experts

  * About us
  * Our services
  * Our network
  * DrivingChange™
    * Smart Urban Delivery
    * Carbon Neutral Commitment
    * Innovative entrepreneurship
    * Closer communities
  * News
  * Videos
  * Insights
    * Go to China
    * European Young e-shoppers Study
    * Delivery drones
    * E-shopper barometer

Javascript is required on this page.  
Please activate it in your Internet browser.

#  Privacy  
  
DPD takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. This applies
not just to the data which you entrust to us when you visit our website, but
also to the sensitive data which you have to provide when you use online
shipping services. For this reason DPD operates its website and Internet
portals in compliance with the applicable legislation on data protection and
data security.

As a company under private law DPD is in particular subject to the provisions
of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telecommunications Media Act
(TMG), as well as the Directive on Data Protection in Postal Services (PDSV)
and the Postal Services Act (PostG). In accordance with these regulations DPD
has the right to record and process personal data to the extent that this is
required for the establishment and implementation of the contractual
relationship (master data), to enable the use of its services (usage data) and
the invoicing of these services (invoicing data).

DPD wishes to ensure that visitors and users have full confidence in its
services and for this purpose the company provides transparent information
about the way it deals with personal data. Here you will learn in product-
related terms what information is collected and how this information is used.

If you have provided DPD with personal data you can cancel this at any time.
We will then immediately delete your data, unless we are under an obligation
to archive it. If deletion is not possible for this or any other reason, we
will block the data for further use in accordance with federal data protection
regulations. The ‘Contact’ navigation element on our website and on our
Internet portal enables users, for example, not just to make contact with DPD
direct, but also to cancel their consent to the recording, processing and use
of their personal data in future. The personal data which has been provided to
us is then deleted.

The responsible body under federal data protection legislation is:

DPDgroup International Services GmbH &amp; Co. KG  
Wailandtstraße 1  
D- 63741 Aschaffenburg



You can contact our Data Protection Officer at datenschutz@dpd.com.



#  Data protection information

Analysis of Webservice Use &amp; Cookies

In order to optimise our service we apply Google Analytics and our own
statistical analyses. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by
Google, which is used for purposes of market research and ensuring that the
service meets user requirements. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are
placed on your computer to make it possible to analyse how you make use of the
service.  The information generated by the cookies about your use of the
service (including your pseudonymised IP address) is as a rule transmitted to
and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google uses this
information in order to evaluate your use of the service and to create reports
on activities for the operator of the service. Google may also transmit this
information to third parties if this is prescribed by law, or if third parties
process the data on behalf of Google. On no account will Google connect your
IP address with other Google data. At
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de you can, with effect for the
future, opt out of the recording and saving of your data at any time. In
addition we use Google Analytics remarketing and reports on demographic
features and interests in order to display to website visitors relevant
advertisements on the partner websites of the Google display and search
network. The saving of cookies makes it possible to analyse user behaviour and
activate interest-based advertising. With effect for the future you can cancel
the recording and use of your data for advertising purposes at any time via
the following link: http://www.google.de/settings/ads.

Google DFP (Doubleclick for Publishers) Small Business Server  
  
 DPD uses third-party software for the activation of online advertising. The
programme involved is Google DFP Small Business Server. This service is
provided by Google Inc. (‘Google’; Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA
94043, USA). DPD uses this service exclusively for the administration of
customer banners and its own banners, without the use of third-party networks
in order to reduce the generation of cookies on your system to a minimum. In
spite of the fact that no interest-based advertising by Google is activated on
our website, the Google system collects anonymised user data. You can use the
Google advertising settings in order to deactivate interest-based advertising
[http://www.google.de/settings/ads]. For further information please see the
Google privacy policy and terms of use with regard to advertising.
[http://www.google.de/policies/technologies/ads]

What must be observed in relation to personal data?

In accordance with §3 BDSG personal data is defined as individual details
about the personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable
natural person.



In principle you can use our website (www.dpd.com ) without revealing your
identity.  
If you subscribe to a personalised service, or request information material to
be sent to you by post, we ask you to submit your name and other personal
information because we need these details in order to provide the requested
service. In the process we record only those details which we actually need to
meet your request. The decision is yours whether you wish to take advantage of
this service and enter your data for the relevant purpose.



For registration purposes DPD will request your email address, password and
other personal information.

How is the security of your data ensured?

DPD stores its data on specially protected servers in Germany. Access to these
is only permitted to a few authorised personnel who are responsible for the
technical, commercial or editorial aspects of these servers. DPD takes the
necessary precautions to guarantee the security of personal data. Your data
will be conscientiously protected against loss, destruction, falsification,
manipulation and unauthorised access or publication.

Will your personal data be passed on to third persons?

DPD uses and processes your personal data only internally within the company.
Such data is not passed on, either in the form of sale, rental or exchange. If
we need to transfer data to external service providers for the purpose of
implementing the relevant service (processing of order data), these service
providers will be subject to the provisions of the Federal Data Protection
Act, other applicable legal directives and the present declaration on data
protection.

Are there exceptions with regard to the restrictions on the transfer of data
to third persons?

DPD does not pass on your data to third persons, unless such transfer takes
place in the course of the implementation of a contractual purpose which is
known to you, you have given your express consent to such a transfer in
advance or the company is under a legal obligation to make such a transfer.

How you can exercise your right of withdrawal and deletion of your data

If you have entrusted personal data to DPD you can withdraw this at any time;
we will delete your data immediately, unless there is a legal obligation for
it to be archived. If deletion is not possible for this or some other reason,
we will block the data for any further use, as stipulated by the Federal Data
Protection Act (BDSG). The 'Contact' navigation on our website and internet
portal enables you not just to get in touch with DPD, for example, you can
also cancel your agreement to the future recording, processing and use of your
personal data. The personal data you have already provided us with will then
be deleted.



In addition you can contact our data protection officer at datenschutz@dpd.com
and request the deletion of your personal data. If you have a question about
parcel shipping with DPD please do not hesitate to send your request to
info@dpd.com.

What happens with the data which is automatically collected?

When its information portal is accessed, DPD receives usage data which is
stored for backup purposes and which may enable identification of the user
(e.g. IP address, date, time and the pages which have been accessed). This
data is not used in a person-related way and is only analysed for the
statistical evaluation of anonymised data records.

Why are IP addresses saved?

DPD can temporarily save IP addresses in particular for the purpose of
ensuring effective protection of its website. An IP address is a sequence of
numbers which are used for addressing data packages on the internet. If there
is a report of misuse, the IP address of the responsible access code is saved
during the first login after the reported misuse and, if a court order is made
to this effect, passed on to the responsible legal authorities together with
the remaining available personal data. If the report of misuse should turn out
to be without due cause, the IP address which has been saved will be deleted
again immediately.

What has to be observed with links to other internet pages?

Our internet pages contain some links to external websites. We are not
responsible for the contents of these sites and the terms of their data
protection declarations . We therefore recommend that before using other
services you should find out about their data protection terms.

Download

If programmes are made available for downloading this is implemented on
condition that liability is accepted only in the absence of warranted
features, the culpable infringement of major obligations, the deliberate or
grossly negligent failure to fulfil other obligations and culpable injury to
health.

Brand rights

The use of all brands and logos is only permitted to third parties on request.

Contact

If you have any questions, suggestions or remarks on the subject of data
protection our data protection officer will be happy to help you and provide
you with information about your data which has been saved by us. You can
contact him at datenschutz@dpd.com. If you have a question about parcel
shipping with DPD please use our email adress info@dpd.com.



The rapid technical development of the internet and the resulting legal
changes make it necessary to modify our data protection declaration from time
to time in line with new technical and/or legal requirements. We will keep you
informed here about any new developments, which means that you should access
our data protection declaration from time to time in order to stay up to date
on possible changes.

(C) 2017 DPD

  * Legal and copyright notice
  * Privacy

