Follow

Sign in / Sign up

9GAGBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing

Official 9GAG account on Medium

Jan 23

* * *

# Privacy Policy

9GAG, Inc. (“9GAG”) takes the private nature of your personal information very
seriously.

This privacy policy, which we adapted from a policy originally provided by
Automattic (WordPress.com), describes how we treat the information we collect
when you visit and use our websites. Please read this notice very carefully.

#### Website Visitors

Like most website operators, 9GAG collects non-personally-identifying
information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make
available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and
the date and time of each visitor request. 9GAG’s purpose in collecting non-
personally identifying information is to better understand how 9GAG’s visitors
use its website. From time to time, 9GAG may release non-personally-
identifying information in the aggregate, e.g. by publishing a report on
trends in the usage of its website.

9GAG also collects potentially personally-identifying information like
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. 9GAG does not use such information to
identify its visitors, and does not disclose such information, other than
under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying
information, as described below.

#### Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to 9GAG’s websites choose to interact with 9GAG in ways that
require 9GAG to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type
of information that 9GAG gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For
example, we ask visitors who sign up for 9GAG.com to provide a username and
email address. In each case, 9GAG collects such information only insofar as is
necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction
with 9GAG. 9GAG does not disclose personally-identifying information other
than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-
identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from
engaging in certain website-related activities.

#### Aggregated Statistics

9GAG may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.
For instance, 9GAG may monitor the most popular collections on 9GAG.com. 9GAG
may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, 9GAG
does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described
below.

#### Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

9GAG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on
9GAG’s behalf or to provide services available at 9GAG’s websites, and (ii)
that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees,
contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home
country; by using 9GAG’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such
information to them. In addition, in some cases we may choose to buy or sell
assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of
the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if 9GAG or substantially
all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that 9GAG goes out
of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets
that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such
transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of 9GAG may continue to use your
personal and non-personal information only as set forth in this policy.
Otherwise, 9GAG will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone.

Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as
described above, 9GAG discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when
9GAG believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect
the property or rights of 9GAG, third parties or the public at large. If you
are a registered user of a 9GAG website and have supplied your email address,
9GAG may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features,
solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with
9GAG and its products. If you send us a request (for example via a support
email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish
it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us
support other users. 9GAG takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect
against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially
personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

You should also be aware that if you submit information to “chat rooms,”
“forums” or “message boards” such information becomes public information,
meaning that you lose any privacy rights you might have with regards to that
information. Such disclosures may also increase your chances of receiving
unwanted communications.

#### Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s
computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the
visitor returns. 9GAG uses cookies to help 9GAG identify and track visitors,
their usage of 9GAG websites, and their website access preferences. 9GAG
visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set
their browsers to refuse cookies before using 9GAG’s websites, with the
drawback that certain features of 9GAG’s websites may not function properly
without the aid of cookies.

#### Ads

Ads appearing on any 9GAG websites may be delivered to users by advertising
partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize
your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile
information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows
ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they
believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy covers the use of
cookies by 9GAG and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

#### Links to Third Party Sites

This privacy policy only applies to information collected by 9GAG. This
privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that 9GAG does not
own or control, or employees that 9GAG does not manage. A 9GAG website may
contain links to third party websites. Any information you provide to, or that
is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of
those sites, if any. We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any
third-party sites you visit. It is the sole responsibility of such third
parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your
personally-identifying information, and 9GAG and its affiliates shall not be
liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your personally-identifying
information by any third party.

#### Security

All non-personally-identifying information, potentially personally-identifying
and personally identifying-information described above is stored on restricted
database servers.

#### Choice/Opt-out

If we ever send you information by email concerning new products, services or
information that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with an
email address by which you may request no further notices.

#### Address Book Data

Any external address book data (email contacts, etc.) that a user voluntarily
gives 9GAG access to will only be used for the described feature (looking up
friends, etc.), and will not be stored or repurposed.

#### Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, 9GAG may change its privacy
policy from time to time, and in 9GAG’s sole discretion. 9GAG encourages
visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will
constitute your acceptance of such change.

#### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our sites in general,
please contact us.

  * Privacy

5

* BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing

### 9GAG

Official 9GAG account on Medium

* Follow

### About 9GAG

Anything you need to know about 9GAG

Responses

The author has chosen not to show responses on this story. You can still
respond by clicking the response bubble.

  * Share
  * 5

  *   *   * 

Never miss a story from About 9GAG, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more

Never miss a story from About 9GAG

Get updatesGet updates

