Toggle navigation

  *  Apps 
    *   iOS 
    *   Android 
  *  Add coverage 
    *   Add coverage 
    *     *   Apply for receiver 
    *   Share your data 
    *   Build your own 
    *     *   Share statistics 
  *  Data / History 
    *   Data / History 
    *     *   Airline fleet 
    *   World airports 
    *     *   Flights history 
    *   Pinned flights 
  *  Social 
    *   Blog 
    *   Forum 
    *   Chat 
    *   My.flightradar24 
    *     *   Facebook 
    *   Twitter 
    *   VK 
    *     *   Contact us 
  *  Press 
    *   Press 
  *  About 
    *   About 
    *   Contact us 
    *     *   Subscription plans 
    *     *   How it works 
    *   FAQ 
    *     *   Careers 
    *     *   Privacy policy 
    *   Terms and conditions 

  * About
  * How it works
  * FAQ
  * Contact us
  * Careers
  * Privacy
  * Terms

  * Log in
    * #### Log in with email

      *       * Remember me

Forgot password?

Log in

or log in with

Google Facebook

#### Get more from Flightradar24

Upgrade today to get access to more features and data.

7-day FREE trial | Learn more

Forgot Password?

Enter your email in order to request a new password.

## Privacy policy and cookies

The Website and the Apps are provided by Flightradar24 AB (hereinafter
"Flightradar24", "we", "us", or "our"), registration no. 556895-1213, having
its registered address at Brunnsgatan 13, 111 38 Stockholm, Sweden. Your
privacy is important to us. Under the Swedish Personal Data Act (1998:2004),
which implements the EU Directive 95/46/EC, we will be liable for the
processing of personal data where we decide the purposes and the means of the
processing. Personal data is information which is directly or indirectly
referable to a natural living person, e.g. name and address but also possibly
location data or IP addresses. We may collect the information set out below,
which includes your personal data.

This document contains a policy statement regarding the collection, use and
processing of personal data, with whom we may share such data and your rights
in relation to personal data. It further contains our cookie policy.

Using our Services may require that you register a user account as set forth
in the Terms of Service, and provide certain personal data. When you use the
Services, we will process personal data for various purposes.

### Registration data

When creating a user account on the Website or through our Apps, you are
required to provide the following information; email address and password. If
you connect to the Service using credentials from a Third Party Service (as
defined in the Terms of Use) (e.g. Facebook), you authorise us to collect your
authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access
credentials. We may also collect other information available on or through
your Third Party Service’s account, including, for example, your name, profile
picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends’
names and profile pictures, and networks. If you register to subscribe to any
of our Paid Services, as defined in our Terms of Service) , you will also need
to provide your name, last name, and country of residence. If you register for
our Business Services, you further need to provide your company name and will
be able to provide your address and VAT number. Please note that we are unable
to provide the basic services for registered users or any Paid Services unless
you provide the above stated personal data.

If you are using our Services through an App on a mobile device, we may
provide features that rely on the use of additional information on your mobile
device or require access to certain services on your mobile device that will
enhance your experience but are not required to use the Service. For example,
you may give us your authorization to gather the specific location of your
mobile device. However, in order for us to gather or use the specific location
of your mobile device you must first give your explicit permission. Any such
information gathered will only be used for the specific purpose explained at
the time we ask for your permission. If you have given us your permission to
gather and use your location, you will always have the ability to withdraw
such permission by changing the settings of your mobile device.

### Usage information

When you use the Services, certain information will be collected
automatically, including (i) information about your use of the Services; (ii)
content that you post, upload and/or contribute to the Services; (iii)
technical data, which may include the URL you are accessing the Site from,
your IP address, unique device ID, network and computer performance, browser
type, language and identifying information and operating system.

### Purposes of processing

We will process the information set out above for the following purposes:

(i) to administer your account, to enable and provide the Services and
integration with third party services, and to provide, personalize and improve
your experience with the Services, and to otherwise provide the Services
according to the user terms; (ii) to send you alerts or messages by email or
otherwise, including to provide you with marketing of products and services
and to inform you about updates of the Services or the user terms, (iii) to
improve and develop the Services or new services and products and to analyze
your use of the Services, (iv) to ensure the technical functioning of the
Services and to prevent use of the Services in breach of the user terms, (v)
to enforce the user terms, including to protect our the rights, property and
safety and also the rights, property and safety of third parties if necessary
and (vi) to fulfil requirements by law.

### Consent

By clicking the "I accept" button in the account set up, or similar, you agree
(i) to the processing of personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy, and
(ii) to receive direct marketing from us or third parties, e.g. by email or
otherwise. You have the right to refuse your personal data being used for
direct marketing and you may at any time recall your prior consent. Please
note however, that if you are using any of our services which are subject to
this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to continue using certain service if
you have recalled your consent to the processing of personal data. Where you
have registered for a Service, certain personal data will be processed for the
fulfilment of such agreement with you and you acknowledge that the processing
of such personal data is regulated in said agreement.

### Disclosure of personal data

We may disclose your personal data (i) to other users of the Services, (ii) to
our partners and suppliers for the above stated purposes within and outside
the EU/EEA. You understand and agree that such third party or supplier will be
the controller in relation to such data and its processing and that it will be
subject to their privacy policy. You expressly consent to your personal data
being used as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Right to request information and correction of data

You, being the person whose personal data is being processed, are entitled by
law to once per calendar year, free of charge, upon written request receive
information regarding the personal data which is processed. You also have the
right to request rectification, erasure or blocking of any personal data that
is inaccurate. If you would like to use any such rights, please write to us at
the address set out above, stating your full name and, if applicable, your
address, user name and the email address used for registration. Please note
that the request to receive information of the processing of your personal
data shall be duly signed by you.

### Cookies

A cookie is a very small file or piece of data sent from a website and stored
in the memory of a user's web browser, mobile phone, or other device while the
user is browsing a website. A cookie can help the website provider to
recognize your device the next time you visit that website, provide you with
access to certain functions on the website and/or register your surf patterns.
When you visit the Site, it may leave a Cookie in the memory of your web
browser. Most major commercial Internet sites use them and they make your
Internet-surfing more useful and less time-consuming for you because they
store information that may be reused each time you visit the site, such as
passwords and your preferences, including information you have chosen to share
with the site. Cookies cannot access and read the files on your hard drive and
cannot be used as a virus. The purpose of using Cookies is to provide
information and products that are more meaningful to you without asking you
the same questions every time you visit the Site. You may get Cookies from our
advertisers, and it should be noted that we cannot pre-screen Cookies which
come directly to you from other computers. There are other technologies such
as pixel tags, web bugs, web storage and other similar files and technologies
that may carry the same functions as cookies. In this Privacy Policy, we use
the term "Cookies" for cookies and all such similar technologies.

We hope you will want the better service that Cookies allow, but if you
prefer, you can set your browser to refuse Cookies or to inform you every time
a website requests permission to store a Cookie. Previously stored Cookies can
also be deleted via the web browser. However, if you do that, some parts of
this site and other sites may not work as well.

The Cookies used may be session Cookies, which disappear when you shut down
your web browser as well as persistent Cookies, which are saved on your
computer. We may use the following Cookies for the purposes set out below:

  * Functional Cookies: We may use functional Cookies to operate certain functions of the Service in accordance with your choices, meaning that when you continue to use or come back to the Site, the site will be provided as you have previously requested, e.g. remembering your username and customization the Service.
  * Analytics Cookies: We may use analytics Cookies to analyze how the Site and Service is accessed, used or is performing. We use the information to maintain, operate and improve the Service.
  * Third party Cookies: We may allow our partners to use Cookies on the Site for the same purposes identified above. We may also use service providers acting on our behalf to use Cookies for the purposes identified above.

Most web browsers allow you to manage your Cookie preferences. You can set
your browser to refuse Cookies, or delete certain Cookies. In general you
should also be able to manage similar technologies by using your browser’s
preferences.

Please note that if you choose to block Cookies, the functionality of the
Services may be affected.

More information about the use of Cookies and how to block them can be found
on www.cookies.org, www.allaboutcookies.org, www.youronlinechoices.eu. If you
have any questions or comments about our use of Cookies, please contact us at:
support@fr24.com.

### Social Plug-ins

When you encounter an implemented social plug-in (e.g. "like" button) from a
third party, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, while using our Service,
your browser or App, as applicable, will establish a direct link to that third
party ("Social Plug-in") and will then transmit the following data to the
Social Plug-in directly:

  1. date and time of your visit;
  2. the Internet address/URL of the site that you are currently visiting;
  3. your IP address;
  4. your browser;
  5. your operating system;
  6. your user code if you are a registered user of Social Plug-in and if applicable your surname and first name; and
  7. if you click on the plug-in, of course the information that you have used this specific plug-in.

We explicitly make reference to the fact that we ourselves do not have any
influence on the scope of the data which Social Plug-in collects with the help
of the plug-in and that with regard to data protection we have to rely on the
data usage guideline of Social Plug-in. Please inform yourself further on
Social Plug-in specifically about the purpose and scope of the data collection
and your rights in this regard and the setting options to protect your privacy
using the data usage guidelines.

However, it is of course possible to prevent the placing of cookies by
settings in your browser. In addition, it is also possible to block the social
plug-ins of Social Plug-in with add-ons for your browser.

### Notice of changes

If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by publication on
Privacy Policy. If the changes are material, we will provide you additional,
prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances and, where required
under applicable law, ask for your consent.

(C) 2017 Flightradar24 AB

  * Contact us
  * FAQ
  * Careers
  * Privacy
  * Terms

