We use cookies \- they help us provide you with a better online experience.  
By using our website you accept that we may store and access cookies on your
device.

Learn more   Don't show me this message

  



8 893 online, week 4

Get a teamAbout HattrickHattrick WorldForum

##  Help Â»   Privacy  

#  Privacy statement

Hattrick Ltd, a company with its registered address at Suites 41/42, Victoria
House, 26 Main Street, Gibraltar, publisher of Hattrick.org, has created this
privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for
this Web site.

Hattrick has under the Gibraltar Data Protection Ordinance of 2004 registered
as Data Controller with the Gibraltar Data Protection Commissioner
(http://www.gra.gi/index.php?site=dataprotection).

Hattrick processes the data itself and is the legal entity responsible for
processing the data. Further, Hattrick's Game Masters, as a part of
administering and supervising the games, act as Hattrick's data assistants and
process the data, within and outside the EEA area. The game masters have
entered into confidentiality agreements with Hattrick to protect your privacy.
Since the game masters act as data processors the game masters have no
independent responsibility for the processing but all such responsibility is
borne by Hattrick Ltd.

Purpose of Hattrick's processing  
Hattrick will process your data for the purposes of operating and
administering Hattrick, to gather statistics and in supervising adherence to
these terms and conditions and the Game Rules and for the specific purposes
explained below.

Data Collected  
Hattrick stores user data that has either been submitted to our system by you
(such as account details or in-game communication), data that has been created
or logged automatically by our systems (for example IP logs or game updates),
as well as any manual notes that has been added by customer service,
developers or Game Masters to record account events.

Information Automatically Logged  
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to
administer our Web site. IP addresses are also logged and used for security
purposes, and may be used in abuse investigations or to identify cheaters
within the game itself.

Cookies  
We do not use cookies to extract information from you, solely to simplify your
visits, mainly by having cookies remember which language and specific part of
the site you want to start your visit with, or to remember last login date so
that we can distinguish new users from returning ones. A temporary cookie is
also used to keep track of your "session". Without that temporary cookie
(which is not stored after you quit your browser) you would have had to log on
again on each page. You can turn off cookies in your web browser (more
information about this is available at http://www.aboutcookies.org/). This
will however make it more or less impossible to access many of the functions
on our web site. When you follow links from Hattrick to other web sites, these
may install tracking cookies on your computer. This is beyond the control of
Hattrick.

Advertisers  
We reserve the right to use cookies for the purpose of serving and/or
targeting ads, offers and other marketing messages.

No personal customer data is ever shared with the advertising companies.

Registration Forms  
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name, e-mail, and postal address).

Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with
the customer when necessary. It is in the users interest to submit truthful
information, as this is also used to verify the user's right to his or her
account.

The customer's e-mail address is used to send an e-mail verification message,
Hattrick newsletters (this can be opted out from), password reminders upon
request, inactivity reminders, subscription expiration reminders, order
confirmations, information about changes in the terms of use and very seldomly
information about new features to users with deleted accounts.

Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. This information
is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.

Order Forms  
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products,
and services. We collect contact information (like their e-mail address), and
financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).

Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the
visitor when necessary.

Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products
and services.

Surveys  
Our occasional voluntary online surveys ask visitors for demographic
information (like zip code, age, or income level).

Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor
when necessary.

Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. This information
is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.

External Links  
This site contains links to other sites. Hattrick is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

Special Relationships  
Hattrick will not share customer data with outside companies or sites, even if
we have a special relationship with them. Sponsors, business partners, co-
branded sites or content providers may get the opportunity to offer products
and services to you within the Hattrick web site, but we will ask you before
passing on any of your personal information to other parties. The only
exception is if another company needs the data for the operation of the
service and they agree to adhere to our privacy policy or if Hattrick would
transfer substantially all of its assets relating to the game to another
company.

Public Forums  
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when
deciding to disclose your personal information.

Uploaded Public Information  
If you upload pictures of yourself, Hattrick will consider your uploading as
your express consent to the use of your picture. If pictures would include
pictures of your friends or other third parties, you must ensure that such
persons have consented to the publishing of the picture before uploading it.

Other In-Game Information  
All other information that you directly or indirectly create or access within
Hattrick is considered to be in-game information and may be accessed and used
by us for the operation of the game, including investigations into cheating,
fraud or criminal activities. Barring a court order, we will not share such
information with third parties other than the police, our Game Masters, our
system administrators, our legal representatives and companies that develop or
operate the game and have agreed to adhere to our privacy policy.

Security  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and
alteration of the information under our control. These include firewalls,
physical security and password protection.

Opt-Out  
You can choose to terminate your Hattrick account at any time by writing a
personally signed letter to the registered address given above. E-mail
messages may be sent to all registered users. You can opt out from receiving
most messages only by terminating the account. You can opt out from The
Hattrick Newsletter under My Hattrick > Preferences > Site Preferences.

Data Quality/Access  
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided:  
\- You can change your data under MyHattrick &gt; Preferences.  
\- You can contact your local GM using the in-game messaging tool.

Contacting Hattrick  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or the practices of
this site, you can contact privacy@hattrick.org. If you want a copy of your
personal data, or if you want us to erase it, please send us a personally
signed letter to the address stated above.

Amendments of the Privacy Policy  
Hattrick may from time to time revise this Privacy Statement by updating this
posting. Such amendments will be communicated here, to the e-mail address
stated in your account or through a notice on our home page. Your continued
use of this site and the resources enabled by the site will signify and
represent your consent to such processing and of the conditions set out in the
Privacy Statement.



## More information

Privacy Terms of Use Terms of Use (full) Content Agreement



## About Hattrick



## Login

Login name  
*   
Password  
*   
  

Lost your password?

Login

  

* * *

Sign up as a forum user



## Get a team

Get your own team!

* * *

Sign up





Server 096  

About Hattrick Manager games Hattrick Supporter Languages Contact Privacy
Mobile Work for us

