##

  * Sign in

Sign in with Google

Oops! We couldn’t find a Dropbox account matching that email. Click here to
create one.

or

Email

Password

Caps lock is currently on

Single sign-on enabled

Remember me

Sign in

Continue

or Log in with Dropbox credentials

We sent a code to your phone number ending in .

Enter the code generated by your authenticator app.

6-digit code

Trusted computers will never ask you for a security code again. You should
only trust this computer if you trust everyone who uses it.

Trust this computer

Submit

Insert your security key to use it

After inserting, tap your key if it has a button or gold disk.

Key not found.

Retry

Trusted computers will never ask you for a security code again. You should
only trust this computer if you trust everyone who uses it.

Trust this computer

Send SMS insteadUse mobile authenticator instead

Sign up for Dropbox

  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy
  * Business Agreement
  * DMCA Policy
  * Acceptable Use

## Dropbox Terms of Service

Posted: December 8, 2016

Effective: February 10, 2017

Thanks for using Dropbox! These terms of service ("Terms") cover your use and
access to our services, client software and websites ("Services"). If you
reside outside of the United States of America, Canada and Mexico ("North
America") your agreement is with Dropbox International Unlimited Company, and
if you reside in North America your agreement is with Dropbox, Inc. Our
Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your information while our
Acceptable Use Policy outlines your responsibilities when using our Services.
By using our Services, you're agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy
Policy and Acceptable Use Policy. If you're using our Services for an
organization, you're agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization.

## Your Stuff &amp; Your Permissions

When you use our Services, you provide us with things like your files,
content, messages, contacts and so on ("Your Stuff"). Your Stuff is yours.
These Terms don't give us any rights to Your Stuff except for the limited
rights that enable us to offer the Services.

We need your permission to do things like hosting Your Stuff, backing it up,
and sharing it when you ask us to. Our Services also provide you with features
like photo thumbnails, document previews, commenting, easy sorting, editing,
sharing and searching. These and other features may require our systems to
access, store and scan Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things,
and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we
work with.

## Sharing Your Stuff

Our Services let you share Your Stuff with others, so please think carefully
about what you share.

## Your Responsibilities

You're responsible for your conduct. Your Stuff and you must comply with our
Acceptable Use Policy. Content in the Services may be protected by others'
intellectual property rights. Please don't copy, upload, download or share
content unless you have the right to do so.

We may review your conduct and content for compliance with these Terms and our
Acceptable Use Policy. With that said, we have no obligation to do so. We
aren't responsible for the content people post and share via the Services.

Help us keep you informed and Your Stuff protected. Safeguard your password to
the Services, and keep your account information current. Don't share your
account credentials or give others access to your account.

You may use our Services only as permitted by applicable law, including export
control laws and regulations. Finally, our Services are not intended for and
may not be used by people under the age of 13. By using our Services, you are
representing to us that you're over 13.

## Software

Some of our Services allow you to download client software ("Software") which
may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you
a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the
Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the
Software may be offered under an open source license, we'll make that license
available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override
some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law,
you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so,
or assist anyone in doing so.

## Beta Services

We sometimes release products and features that we are still testing and
evaluating. Those Services have been marked beta, preview, early access, or
evaluation (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as
reliable as Dropbox's other services, so please keep that in mind.

## Our Stuff

The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other US and foreign
laws. These Terms don't grant you any right, title or interest in the
Services, others' content in the Services, Dropbox trademarks, logos and other
brand features. We welcome feedback, but note that we may use comments or
suggestions without any obligation to you.

## Copyright

We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too. We
respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the
law, and such notices should be reported using our Copyright Policy. We
reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and
terminate accounts of repeat infringers. Our designated agent for notice of
alleged copyright infringement on the Services is:

Copyright Agent  
Dropbox, Inc.  
333 Brannan Street  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
copyright@dropbox.com

## Paid Accounts

Billing. You can increase your storage space and add paid features to your
account (turning your account into a "Paid Account"). We'll automatically bill
you from the date you convert to a Paid Account and on each periodic renewal
until cancellation. If you're on an annual plan, we'll send you a notice email
reminding you that your plan is about to renew within a reasonable period of
time prior to the renewal date. You're responsible for all applicable taxes,
and we'll charge tax when required to do so. Some countries have mandatory
local laws regarding your cancellation rights, and this paragraph doesn't
override these laws.

No Refunds. You may cancel your Dropbox Paid Account at any time. Refunds are
only issued if required by law. For example, users living in the European
Union have the right to cancel their Paid Account subscriptions within 14 days
of signing up for, upgrading to or renewing a Paid Account.

Downgrades. Your Paid Account will remain in effect until it's cancelled or
terminated under these Terms. If you don't pay for your Paid Account on time,
we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your storage to free space
levels.

Changes. We may change the fees in effect but will give you advance notice of
these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.

## Dropbox Teams

Email address. If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address
provisioned by your organization, your organization may be able to block your
use of Dropbox until you transition to an account on a Dropbox team (e.g.,
Dropbox Business plans or Dropbox Education) or you associate your Dropbox
account with a personal email address.

Using Dropbox Teams. If you join a Dropbox team, you must use it in compliance
with your organization's terms and policies. Please note that Dropbox team
accounts are subject to your organization's control. Your administrators may
be able to access, disclose, restrict, or remove information in or from your
Dropbox team account. They may also be able to restrict or terminate your
access to a Dropbox team account. If you convert an existing Dropbox account
into part of a Dropbox team, your administrators may prevent you from later
disassociating your account from the Dropbox team.

## Termination

You're free to stop using our Services at any time. We reserve the right to
suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if:

(a) you're in breach of these Terms,

(b) you're using the Services in a manner that would cause a real risk of harm
or loss to us or other users, or

(c) you don't have a Paid Account and haven't accessed our Services for 12
consecutive months.

We'll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address
associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to
contact you and give you the opportunity to export Your Stuff from our
Services. If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we'll
terminate or suspend your access to the Services.

We won't provide notice before termination where:

(a) you're in material breach of these Terms,

(b) doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to
provide the Services to our other users, or

(c) we're prohibited from doing so by law.

## Discontinuation of Services

We may decide to discontinue the Services in response to unforeseen
circumstances beyond Dropbox's control or to comply with a legal requirement.
If we do so, we'll give you reasonable prior notice so that you can export
Your Stuff from our systems. If we discontinue Services in this way before the
end of any fixed or minimum term you have paid us for, we'll refund the
portion of the fees you have pre-paid but haven't received Services for.

## Services "AS IS"

We strive to provide great Services, but there are certain things that we
can't guarantee. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX AND ITS
AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO
DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some places don't allow the disclaimers in this
paragraph, so they may not apply to you.

## Limitation of Liability

WE DON'T EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO DO
SO—THIS INCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DROPBOX'S OR ITS AFFILIATES' FRAUD OR
FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES. IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE
FOLLOWING TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS AREN'T ALLOWED, WE'RE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU ONLY
FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF OUR FAILURE
TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL OR OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU. THIS
PARAGRAPH DOESN'T AFFECT CONSUMER RIGHTS THAT CAN'T BE WAIVED OR LIMITED BY
ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.

IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED,
DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WON'T BE LIABLE FOR:

i. ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR

ii. ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY.

THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT
DROPBOX OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

IF YOU USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY COMMERCIAL, BUSINESS OR RE-SALE PURPOSE,
DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO
YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS
OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES AREN'T RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES.

OTHER THAN FOR THE TYPES OF LIABILITY WE CANNOT LIMIT BY LAW (AS DESCRIBED IN
THIS SECTION), WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE GREATER OF $20 USD OR 100%
OF ANY AMOUNT YOU'VE PAID UNDER YOUR CURRENT SERVICE PLAN WITH DROPBOX.

## Resolving Disputes

Let's Try To Sort Things Out First. We want to address your concerns without
needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Dropbox, you agree
to try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting dispute-
notice@dropbox.com. We'll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting
you via email. If a dispute is not resolved within 15 days of submission, you
or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding.

Judicial forum for disputes. You and Dropbox agree that any judicial
proceeding to resolve claims relating to these Terms or the Services will be
brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California,
subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below. Both you and Dropbox
consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts. If you reside in a
country (for example, European Union member states) with laws that give
consumers the right to bring disputes in their local courts, this paragraph
doesn't affect those requirements.

## IF YOU'RE A U.S. RESIDENT, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY
ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:

We Both Agree To Arbitrate. You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims
relating to these Terms or the Services through final and binding arbitration
by a single arbitrator, except as set forth under Exceptions to Agreement to
Arbitrate below. This includes disputes arising out of or relating to
interpretation or application of this "Mandatory Arbitration Provisions"
section, including its enforceability, revocability, or validity.

Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate. You can decline this agreement to arbitrate
by clicking here and submitting the opt-out form within 30 days of first
registering your account. However, if you agreed to a previous version of
these Terms that allowed you to opt out of arbitration, your previous choice
to opt out or not opt out remains binding.

Arbitration Procedures. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will
administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The arbitration will
be held in the United States county where you live or work, San Francisco
(CA), or any other location we agree to.

Arbitration Fees and Incentives. The AAA rules will govern payment of all
arbitration fees. Dropbox will pay all arbitration fees for individual
arbitration for claims less than $75,000. If you receive an arbitration award
that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will
pay you $1,000 in addition to the award. Dropbox will not seek its attorneys'
fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim
is frivolous.

Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate. Either you or Dropbox may assert claims,
if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United
States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely
for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or
intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret,
copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the
informal dispute-resolution process described above. If the agreement to
arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you agree to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in San Francisco
County, California to resolve your claim.

NO CLASS ACTIONS. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual
basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class,
consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions,
private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations
aren't allowed. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the
entirety of this "Mandatory Arbitration Provisions" section will be deemed
void.

## Controlling Law

These Terms will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of
laws principles. However, some countries (including those in the European
Union) have laws that require agreements to be governed by the local laws of
the consumer's country. This paragraph doesn't override those laws.

## Entire Agreement

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Dropbox with
respect to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede and replace any
other prior or contemporaneous agreements, or terms and conditions applicable
to the subject matter of these Terms. These Terms create no third party
beneficiary rights.

## Waiver, Severability &amp; Assignment

Dropbox's failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so
later. If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the
Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted
reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your
rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void. Dropbox may
assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any
successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.

## Modifications

We may revise these Terms from time to time to better reflect:

(a) changes to the law,

(b) new regulatory requirements, or

(c) improvements or enhancements made to our Services.

If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user
of our Services, we'll notify you prior to the update's effective date by
sending an email to the email address associated with your account or via an
in-product notification. These updated terms will be effective no less than 30
days from when we notify you.

If you don't agree to the updates we make, please cancel your account before
they become effective. Where applicable, we'll offer you a prorated refund
based on the amounts you have prepaid for Services and your account
cancellation date. By continuing to use or access the Services after the
updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

If your organization signed a Dropbox Business or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement
with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the privacy policy below.
Please contact your organization's Admin for details.

## Dropbox Privacy Policy

Posted: December 8, 2016

Effective: February 10, 2017

Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use and handle your
information when you use our websites, software and services ("Services").

## What &amp; Why

We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and protect
our Services:

Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like your
name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account
activity. Some of our services let you access your accounts and your
information with other service providers.

Services. Our Services are designed to make it simple for you to store Your
Stuff, collaborate with others, and work across multiple devices. To make that
possible, we store, process, and transmit Your Stuff—like files, messages,
comments, and photos—as well as information related to it. This related
information can be things like your profile information that makes it easier
to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others. Our Services provide you with
different options for sharing Your Stuff.

You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you to
do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite
others to use the Services. If you do, we'll store those contacts on our
servers for you to use.

Usage. We collect information related to how you use the Services, including
actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, and moving
files or folders). This helps us provide you with features like the "Events"
page and version history.

We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the
Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and
device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and
identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their
settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.

Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel
tags to provide, improve, protect and promote our Services. For example,
cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next
visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving
them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept
cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems
receive a DNT:1 signal from your browser, we'll respond to that signal as
outlined here.

## With whom

We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to
advertisers or other third parties.

Others working for Dropbox. Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties (for
example, providers of customer support and IT services) to help us provide,
improve, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access
your information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this
Privacy Policy, and we'll remain responsible for their handling of your
information per our instructions.

Other users. Our Services display information like your name, profile picture,
and email address to other users in places like your user profile and sharing
notifications. When you register your Dropbox account with an email address on
a domain owned by your employer or organization, we may help collaborators
find you and your team by making some of your basic information—like your
name, team name, profile picture, and email address—visible to other users on
the same domain. This helps us show you teams you can join, and helps other
users share files and folders with you.

Certain features let you make additional information available to others.

Other applications. You can also give third parties access to your information
and account - for example, via Dropbox APIs. Just remember that their use of
your information will be governed by their privacy policies and terms.

Dropbox Team Admins. If you are a user of a Dropbox team (e.g., Dropbox
Business plans or Dropbox Education), your administrator may have the ability
to access and control your Dropbox team account. Please refer to your
organization's internal policies if you have questions about this. If you are
not a Dropbox team user but interact with a Dropbox team user (by, for
example, joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user),
members of that organization may be able to view the name, email address,
profile picture, and IP address that was associated with your account at the
time of that interaction.

Law &amp; Order. We may disclose your information to third parties if we
determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the
law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent
fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; or (d) protect Dropbox's property
rights.

Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we
embrace. We believe that our users' data should receive the same legal
protections regardless of whether it's stored on our services or on their home
computer's hard drive. We'll abide by the following Government Request
Principles when receiving, scrutinizing and responding to government requests
(including national security requests) for our users' data:

  * Be transparent,
  * Fight blanket requests,
  * Protect all users and
  * Provide trusted services.

We publish a Transparency Report as part of our commitment to informing users
about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the
types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage
users to review our Government Request Principles and Transparency Report for
more detailed information on our approach and response to government requests.

## How

Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and
testing for vulnerabilities. We also continue to work on features to keep your
information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication,
encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked
to your account.

Retention. We'll retain information you store on our Services for as long as
we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we'll also
delete this information. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in
deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may
retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. You can access your personal
information by logging into your Dropbox account. Learn more here.

## Where

Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and
transmit information in the United States and locations around the world -
including those outside your country. Information may also be stored locally
on the devices you use to access the Services.

EU-US Privacy Shield and US-Swiss Safe Harbor. When transferring data from the
European Union, the European Economic Area, and Switzerland, Dropbox relies
upon a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts with our users.
Dropbox complies with the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor ("Safe Harbor") framework and
its principles. We also participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Program
("Privacy Shield") and comply with its framework and principles. You can find
Dropbox's Safe Harbor certification here and our Privacy Shield certification
here. You can also learn more about Privacy Shield at
https://www.privacyshield.gov and Safe Harbor at
http://2016.export.gov/safeharbor/swiss/.

Dropbox is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. JAMS is
the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving
complaints about our Privacy Shield and Safe Harbor compliance -- free of
charge to you. We ask that you first submit any such complaints directly to us
via privacyshield@dropbox.com. If you aren't satisfied with our response,
please contact JAMS at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. In the
event your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a
binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles.

## Changes

If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our
assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will
notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with
your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most
current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your
rights, we will notify you.

## Contact

Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services and privacy? Contact us
at privacy@dropbox.com.

This section of the agreement only applies to Dropbox Business customers. If
your organization signed a Dropbox Business or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement
with Dropbox, that Agreement may be different from the terms below. Please
contact your organization's Admin for details.

Dropbox updated its Business Agreement on January 30th, 2017. Click here to
view the previous version.

##  Dropbox Business Agreement

Posted: 30 January 2017

This Dropbox Business Agreement (the "Agreement") is between Dropbox
International Unlimited Company if your organization is based outside the
United States, Canada and Mexico ("North America") or, if your organization is
based in North America, with Dropbox, Inc., a Delaware corporation (each,
"Dropbox") and the organization agreeing to these terms ("Customer"). This
Agreement governs access to and use of the Services and Beta Services. By
clicking "I agree," signing your contract for the Services, or using the
Services, you agree to this Agreement as a Customer.

To the extent that Dropbox, Inc. is, on behalf of the Customer, processing
Customer Data that is subject to EU Data Protection Laws, by clicking "I
agree", you are also agreeing to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, defined
below, with Dropbox, Inc. for the transfer of personal data to processors.

If you are agreeing to this Agreement and, if applicable, the EU Standard
Contractual Clauses, for use of the Services by an organization, you are
agreeing on behalf of that organization. You must have the authority to bind
that organization to these terms, otherwise you must not sign up for the
Services.

  1. Services. 
    1. Provision. This Agreement governs access to, and use of, the Services and Software. Customer and End Users may access and use the Services in accordance with this Agreement. 
    2. Security Measures.. Dropbox will use, at a minimum, industry standard technical and organizational security measures to transfer, store, and process Customer Data. These measures are designed to protect the integrity of Customer Data and guard against the unauthorized or unlawful access to, use, and processing of Customer Data. 
    3. Data Processing and Transfer. 
      1. Data Processing. Dropbox and its Sub-processors will only process Customer Data to provide the Services and to fulfill Dropbox's obligations under the Agreement. Sub-processors' processing activities will be restricted to processing on Dropbox's behalf and in accordance with Dropbox's instructions. Customer agrees that Dropbox and its Sub-processors may transfer, store, and process Customer Data in locations other than Customer's country. 
      2. EU-US Privacy Shield Program. Dropbox is certified and complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Program. If the EU-US Privacy Shield Program is invalidated, Dropbox will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the resulting alternate or successor EU-US data transfer mechanism. 
      3. EU Standard Contractual Clauses. To the extent Customer Data is subject to EU Data Protection Laws and is processed by Dropbox on Customer's behalf: (i) Dropbox will use and process Customer Data as Customer instructs in order to provide the Services and to fulfill Dropbox's obligations under the Agreement; and (ii) Customer agrees to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with Dropbox, Inc. for the transfer of personal data. The EU Standard Contractual Clauses apply only to the Services and future variations of the Services, but do not apply to Beta Services or Excluded Features. 
    4. Modifications. Dropbox may update the Services from time to time. If Dropbox changes the Services in a manner that materially reduces their functionality, Dropbox will notify Customer at the email address associate with the account, and Customer may provide notice within thirty days of the change to terminate the Agreement. This termination right will not apply to updates made to features provided on a beta or evaluation basis. 
    5. Software. 
      1. Generally. The Services allow Customer and End Users to download Software that may update automatically. If any component of the Software is offered under an open source license, Dropbox will make the license available to Customer and to the extent the provisions of that license grant Customer additional rights, those provisions will expressly override some terms of this Agreement with respect to that component of the Software. 
      2. License. Dropbox hereby grants to Customer during the Term a limited non-exclusive license to use the Software solely in connection with the Services and in accordance with this Agreement. This license is non-transferable (subject to Section 12.8), irrevocable (except as set forth in Section 7), non-sublicensable, and will be fully paid up upon Customer's payment of the Fees. 
    6. Customer Domains. Prior to providing the Services Dropbox may require Customer to verify that Customer owns or controls the Customer Domains. If Customer does not own or control the Customer Domains, then Dropbox will have no obligation to provide Customer with the Services. 
  2. Customer Obligations. 
    1. Customer Administration of the Services. Customer may specify End Users as Administrators through the Admin Console. Customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords and Admin Accounts, and managing access to Admin Accounts. Dropbox's responsibilities do not extend to the internal management or administration of the Services for Customer. The Customer acknowledges that, if the Customer purchases the Services through a reseller and designates any of the reseller's personnel as Administrators of the Customer's Services account, the reseller may be able to control account information, including Customer Data, and access the Customer's Services account as described above. 
    2. Unauthorized Use or Access. Customer will prevent unauthorized use of the Services by its End Users and terminate any unauthorized use of or access to the Services. End User Accounts may only be provisioned, registered, and used by a single End User. The Services are not intended for End Users under the age of 13. Customer will ensure that it does not allow any person under 13 to use the Services. Customer will promptly notify Dropbox of any unauthorized use of or access to the Services. 
    3. Restrictions. Customer will not: (a) sell, resell, or lease the Services or Software; (b) use the Services or Software for activities where use or failure of the Services or Software could lead to physical damage, death, or personal injury; (c) reverse engineer the Services or Software, or attempt or assist anyone else to do so, unless this restriction is prohibited by law; or (d) use the Services or Software, including the export or re-export of Customer Data, in violation of Export Control Laws. 
    4. Compliance. Customer and its End Users must use the Services in compliance with the Acceptable Use Policy. Customer is responsible for use of the Services by its End Users. Customer will comply with laws and regulations applicable to Customer's use of the Services, if any. Customer will obtain and maintain from End Users any consents necessary to allow Administrators to engage in the activities described in this Agreement and to allow Dropbox to provide the Services. Customer will not store, transmit or otherwise process any information via the Services that falls within the definition of "Protected Health Information" under the HIPAA Privacy Rule (45 C.F.R. Section 164.051), unless Customer and Dropbox separately enter into a HIPAA Business Associate Agreement, which may be done via the Admin Console. 
    5. Third-Party Apps and Integrations. If Customer uses any third-party service or applications, such as a service that uses a Dropbox API, with the Services: (a) Dropbox will not be responsible for any act or omission of the third-party, including the third-party's access to or use of Customer Data; and (b) Dropbox does not warrant or support any service provided by the third-party. 
    6. Third-Party Requests. 
      1. Customer Responsibility. Customer is responsible for responding to Third-Party Requests via its own access to information. Customer will seek to obtain information required to respond to Third-Party Requests and will contact Dropbox only if it cannot obtain such information despite diligent efforts. 
      2. Dropbox Responsibility. Dropbox will make commercially reasonable efforts, to the extent allowed by law and by the terms of the Third-Party Request, to: (i) promptly notify Customer of Dropbox's receipt of a Third-Party Request; (ii) comply with Customer's commercially reasonable requests regarding its efforts to oppose a Third-Party Request; and (iii) provide Customer with information or tools required for Customer to respond to the Third-Party Request, if Customer is otherwise unable to obtain the information. If Customer fails to promptly respond to any Third-Party Request, then Dropbox may, but will not be obligated to do so. 
  3. Payment. 
    1. Fees. Customer will pay Dropbox or Customer's Reseller all applicable Fees for the Services, in the currency indicated on the Order Form. Customer authorizes Dropbox, or Customer's reseller, to charge Customer for all applicable Fees using Customer's selected payment method. Fees are non-refundable except as required by law or as otherwise specifically permitted in this Agreement. 
    2. Payment. Customer will pay Dropbox invoices on the payment interval set forth in the Order Form. Dropbox may suspend or terminate the Services if Fees are past due. Customer will provide complete and accurate billing and contact information to Dropbox or to Customer's Reseller. 
    3. Taxes. Fees are exclusive of taxes and Customer is responsible for all Taxes. Dropbox, or Customer's reseller, will charge Taxes when required to do so. If Customer provides Dropbox or its reseller with a valid exemption certificate, Dropbox or the reseller will not collect the taxes covered by that certificate. 
    4. Withholding Taxes. Customer will pay Dropbox or its reseller net of any applicable Withholding Taxes. Customer and Dropbox, or Customer's reseller as applicable, will work together to avoid any Withholding Tax if exemptions, or a reduced treaty withholding rate, are available. If Dropbox or Customer's reseller qualifies for a tax exemption, or a reduced treaty withholding rate, Dropbox or Customer's reseller will provide Customer with reasonable documentary proof. Customer will provide Dropbox or Customer's reseller reasonable evidence that it has paid the relevant authority for the sum withheld or deducted. 
    5. Auto-renewals and Trials. IF THE CUSTOMER'S ACCOUNT IS SET TO AUTO-RENEWAL OR IS IN A TRIAL PERIOD, DROPBOX (OR THE CUSTOMER'S RESELLER) MAY CHARGE AUTOMATICALLY AT THE END OF THE TRIAL OR FOR THE RENEWAL, UNLESS THE CUSTOMER NOTIFIES DROPBOX (OR THE CUSTOMER'S RESELLER, AS APPLICABLE) THAT THE CUSTOMER WANTS TO CANCEL OR DISABLE AUTO-RENEWAL. Dropbox may revise Service rates by providing the Customer at least thirty days' notice prior to the next charge. 
    6. Purchase Orders. If Customer requires the use of a purchase order or purchase order number, Customer: (i) must provide the purchase order number at the time of purchase; and (ii) agrees that any terms and conditions on a Customer purchase order will not apply to this Agreement and are null and void. If the Customer is purchasing via a reseller, any terms and conditions from the Customer's reseller or in a purchase order between the Customer and its reseller that conflict with the Agreement are null and void. 
  4. Suspension. 
    1. Of End User Accounts by Dropbox. If an End User: (a) violates this Agreement; or (b) uses the Services in a manner that Dropbox reasonably believes will cause it liability, then Dropbox may request that Customer suspend or terminate the applicable End User account. If Customer fails to promptly suspend or terminate the End User account, then Dropbox may do so. 
    2. Security Emergencies. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, if there is a Security Emergency then Dropbox may automatically suspend use of the Services. Dropbox will make commercially reasonable efforts to narrowly tailor the suspension as needed to prevent or terminate the Security Emergency. 
  5. Intellectual Property Rights. 
    1. Reservation of Rights. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement does not grant: (a) Dropbox any Intellectual Property Rights in Customer Data; or (b) Customer any Intellectual Property Rights in the Services or Dropbox trademarks and brand features. 
    2. Limited Permission. Customer grants Dropbox only the limited rights that are reasonably necessary for Dropbox to provide the Services. This limited permission also extends to Subcontractors or Sub-processors. 
    3. Suggestions. Dropbox may use, modify, and incorporate into its products and services, license and sublicense, any feedback, comments, or suggestions on the Services that Customer or End Users may send Dropbox or post in Dropbox's forums without any obligation to Customer. 
  6. Term. 
    1. Agreement Term. This Agreement will remain in effect for the Term. 
    2. Services Term. Dropbox will provide the Services to Customer for the Services Term. Unless the parties agree otherwise in writing, End User Accounts purchased during any Services Term will have a prorated term ending on the last day of the pre-existing Services Term. 
  7. Termination. 
    1. Generally. Either Party may terminate this Agreement, including all Order Forms, if: (i) the other Party is in material breach of the Agreement and fails to cure that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice; or (ii) the other Party ceases its business operations or becomes subject to insolvency proceedings and the proceedings are not dismissed within ninety days. 
    2. Effects of Termination. If this Agreement terminates: (a) except as set forth in this Section, the rights and licenses granted by Dropbox to Customer will cease immediately; (b) Dropbox may, at Customer's request, provide Customer access to its account at then-current fees so that Customer may export its Customer Data; and (c) after a commercially reasonable period of time, Dropbox may delete any Customer Data relating to Customer's account. The following sections will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: 2.6 (Third Party Requests), 3 (Payment), 5 (Intellectual Property Rights), 7.2 (Effects of Termination), 8 (Indemnification), 9 (Disclaimers), 10 (Limitation of Liability), 11 (Disputes), and 12 (Miscellaneous). 
  8. Indemnification. 
    1. By Customer. Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dropbox from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any claim by a third party against Dropbox and its Affiliates regarding: (a) Customer Data; (b) Customer Domains; or (c) Customer's, or Customer's End Users', use of the Services in violation of this Agreement. 
    2. By Dropbox. Dropbox will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Customer from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any claim by a third party against Customer to the extent based on an allegation that Dropbox's technology used to provide the Services to the Customer infringes or misappropriates any copyright, trade secret, U.S. patent, or trademark right of the third party. In no event will Dropbox have any obligations or liability under this section arising from: (a) use of any Services in a modified form or in combination with materials not furnished by Dropbox; and (b) any content, information, or data provided by Customer, End Users, or other third parties. 
    3. Possible Infringement. If Dropbox believes the Services or Software infringe or may be alleged to infringe a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, then Dropbox may: (a) obtain the right for Customer, at Dropbox's expense, to continue using the Services or Software; (b) provide a non-infringing functionally equivalent replacement; or (c) modify the Services or Software so that they no longer infringe. If Dropbox does not believe the options described in this section are commercially reasonable, then Dropbox may suspend or terminate Customer's use of the affected Services or Software, with a pro-rata refund of prepaid fees for the Services or Software. 
    4. General. The Party seeking indemnification will promptly notify the other Party of the claim and cooperate with the other Party in defending the claim. The indemnifying Party will have full control and authority over the defense, except that: (a) any settlement requiring the Party seeking indemnification to admit liability requires prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and (b) the other Party may join in the defense with its own counsel at its own expense. THE INDEMNITIES ABOVE ARE DROPBOX AND CUSTOMER'S ONLY REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR VIOLATION BY THE OTHER PARTY OF A THIRD PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
  9. Disclaimers. 
    1. Generally. THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR USING THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN AND BACKING UP ANY STORED DATA ON THE SERVICES. 
    2. Beta Services. Despite anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (a) Customer may choose to use Beta Services in its sole discretion; (b) Beta Services may not be supported and may be changed at any time without notice; (c) Beta Services may not be as reliable or available as the Services; (d) Beta Services have not been subjected to the same security measures and auditing to which the Services have been subjected; and (e) DROPBOX WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH BETA SERVICES - USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
  10. Limitation of Liability. 
    1. Limitation on Indirect Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT FOR DROPBOX OR CUSTOMER'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND DISTRIBUTORS WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR (I) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR (II) LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, REVENUES, OR PROFITS (IN EACH CASE WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT SUCH DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
    2. Limitation on Amount of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF $100,000 OR THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO DROPBOX HEREUNDER DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. 
  11. Disputes. 
    1. Informal Resolution. Before filing a claim, each Party agrees to try to resolve the dispute by contacting the other Party through the notice procedures in Section 12.6. If a dispute is not resolved within thirty days of notice, Customer or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding. 
    2. Arbitration. Customer and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to this Agreement or the Services through final and binding arbitration, except as set forth below. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be held in San Francisco (CA), or any other location both parties agree to in writing. 
    3. Exception to Arbitration. Either Party may bring a lawsuit in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services or infringement of Intellectual Property Rights without first engaging in the informal dispute notice process described above. Both Customer and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there. 
    4. NO CLASS ACTIONS. Customer may only resolve disputes with Dropbox on an individual basis and will not bring a claim in a class, consolidated or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed. 
  12. Miscellaneous. 
    1. Terms Modification. Dropbox may revise this Agreement from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on the Dropbox Business website. If a revision, in Dropbox's sole discretion, is material, Dropbox will notify Customer (by, for example, sending an email to the email address associated with the applicable account). Other revisions may be posted to Dropbox's blog or terms page, and Customer is responsible for checking these postings regularly. By continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, Customer agrees to be bound by the revised Agreement. If Customer does not agree to the revised Agreement terms, Customer may terminate the Services within thirty days of receiving notice of the change. 
    2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or understandings between the Parties, and constitutes the entire Agreement between the Parties related to this subject matter. All attachments to the Agreement, Customer invoices, and Order Forms executed by the Parties, are hereby incorporated into the Agreement by this reference. 
    3. Interpretation of Conflicting Terms. If there is a conflict between the documents that make up this Agreement, the documents will control in the following order: the invoice, the Order Form, the Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Agreement will be considered the confidential information of Dropbox, and Customer will not disclose the information to any third parties. Customer agrees that any terms and conditions on a Customer purchase order will not apply to this Agreement and are null and void. If End Users are required to click through terms of service in order to use the Services, those click through terms are subordinate to this Agreement and this Agreement will control if there is a conflict. 
    4. Governing Law. THE AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW EXCEPT FOR ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 
    5. Severability. Unenforceable provisions will be modified to reflect the parties' intention and only to the extent necessary to make them enforceable, and the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect. 
    6. Notice. Notices must be sent via email, first class, airmail, or overnight courier and are deemed given when received. Notices to Customer may also be sent to the applicable account email address and are deemed given when sent. Notices to Dropbox must be sent to Dropbox Legal at contractnotices@dropbox.com, with a copy to Dropbox, Inc., P.O. Box 77767, San Francisco, CA 94107, attn.: Legal Department. 
    7. Waiver. A waiver of any default is not a waiver of any subsequent default. 
    8. Assignment. Customer may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of Dropbox. Dropbox may not assign this Agreement without providing notice to Customer, except Dropbox may assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under this Agreement to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets without providing notice. Any other attempt to transfer or assign is void. 
    9. No Agency. Dropbox and Customer are not legal partners or agents, but are independent contractors. 
    10. Subcontracting. Dropbox will remain liable for all acts or omissions of its Subcontractors or Sub-processors, and for any subcontracted obligations. 
    11. Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations, neither Dropbox nor Customer will be liable for inadequate performance to the extent caused by a condition that was beyond the Party's reasonable control (for example, natural disaster, act of war or terrorism, riot, labor condition, governmental action, and Internet disturbance). 
    12. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. Without limiting this section, a Customer's End Users are not third-party beneficiaries to Customer's rights under this Agreement. 
  13. Definitions. 
    * "Acceptable Use Policy" means the Dropbox acceptable use policy set forth at the following link, or other link that Dropbox may provide: https://www.dropbox.com/terms#acceptable_use. 
    * "Account Data" means the account and contact information submitted to the Services by Customer or End Users. 
    * "Administrator" means the Customer-designated technical End User who administers the Services to End Users on Customer's behalf. Administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict or remove Customer Data in or from End User Accounts. Administrators may also have the ability to monitor, restrict, or terminate access to End User Accounts. 
    * "Admin Account" means the administrative account provided to Customer by Dropbox for the purpose of administering the Services. 
    * "Admin Console" means the online tool provided by Dropbox to Customer for use in administering the Services. 
    * "Affiliate" means any entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a Party, where "control" means the ability to direct the management and policies of an entity. 
    * "Beta Services" means services or features identified as alpha, beta, preview, early access, or evaluation, or words or phrases with similar meanings. 
    * "Customer Data" means Stored Data, Account Data, and messages, comments, structured data, photos, and other content submitted to the Services by Customer or End Users. 
    * "Customer Domains" means Customer's Internet domain names. 
    * "Effective Date" means the date this Agreement is accepted by Customer. 
    * "End Users" means users of Customer's Services account. End Users may include Customer's and its Affiliate's employees and consultants. 
    * "End User Account" means a Dropbox hosted account established by Customer through the Services for an End User. 
    * "EU Data Protection Laws" means those laws implementing EU Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC). 
    * "EU-US Privacy Shield Program" means the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Program framework and its principles as set forth by the US Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from EU member states. 
    * "EU Standard Contractual Clauses" means the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with Dropbox, Inc. for the transfer of personal data to processors set forth at the following link: https://assets.dropbox.com/documents/en-us/legal/eu-standard-clauses-dfb-011017.pdf or other link that Dropbox may provide. 
    * "Excluded Features" means services or features listed here https://assets.dropbox.com/documents/en-us/legal/dfb-services-exceptions.pdf, which list may be updated from time to time by Dropbox, provided that non-Beta features incorporated in the Services as of the Effective Date will not be transitioned to the Excluded Features list during the Term. 
    * "Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR<") maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the Department of State. 
    * "Fees" means the amounts invoiced to Customer by Dropbox for the Services as described on the Order Form. 
    * "Initial Services Term" means the term for the applicable Services beginning on the Provisioning Date and continuing for the duration set forth on the Order Form. 
    * "Intellectual Property Rights" means current and future worldwide rights under patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, moral rights, and other similar rights. 
    * "Order Form" means the ordering document, or ordering page, for the Services. 
    * "Provisioning Date" is the date upon which Dropbox makes the Services available to Customer. 
    * "Renewal Term" means, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Parties, the twelve-month renewal term following either the Services Initial Term, or a previous Renewal Term. Renewal Terms are set forth on the Order Form. 
    * "Security Emergency" means: (i) use of the Services that do or could disrupt the Services, other customers' use of the Services, or the infrastructure used to provide the Services; or (ii) unauthorized third-party access to the Services. 
    * "Services" means the services ordered by Customer and provided by Dropbox to Customer, which are described at https://www.dropbox.com/business, or other link that Dropbox may provide. 
    * "Services Term" means the Initial Services Term and all Renewal Terms for the applicable Services. 
    * "Software" means the client software provided as part of the Services. 
    * "Stored Data" means the files uploaded to the Services using the Software by Customer or End Users. 
    * "Subcontractor" means an entity to whom Dropbox subcontracts any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
    * "Sub-processor" means an entity who agrees to process Stored Data on Dropbox's behalf, or on behalf of another Dropbox sub-processor, in order to provide the Services. 
    * "Taxes" means any sales, use, value added, goods and services, consumption, excise, local stamp, or other tax, (including but not limited to ISS, CIDE, PIS, CONFINS), duty or other charge of any kind or nature excluding tax that is based on Dropbox's net income, associated with the Services or Software, including any related penalties or interest. 
    * "Term" means the term of the Agreement, which will begin on the Effective Date and continue until the earlier of: (i) the end of the Services Term; or (ii) the Agreement is terminated as set forth herein. 
    * "Third-Party Request" means a request from a third-party for records relating to an End User's use of the Services including information in or from an End User Account, or from Customer's Services account. Third-Party Requests may include valid search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, or any other request for which there is written consent from End Users, or an End User's authorized representative, permitting a disclosure. 
    * "Withholding Taxes" mean any Taxes Customer is required by law to withhold, which are then imposed on Dropbox, or Customer's reseller, as applicable. 

## Dropbox DMCA Policy

Dropbox (“Dropbox”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and
expects its users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright
Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, Dropbox will
respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the
Dropbox service and/or the Dropbox website (the “Site”) if such claims are
reported to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent identified in the sample
notice below.

If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or
authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report
alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by
completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it
to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of Notice as described
below, Dropbox will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems
appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Site.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)

  1. Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.

  2. Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site or the exact location where such material may be found.

  3. Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.

  4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice: 
    * “I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”

    * “I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”

  5. Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Dropbox’s Designated
Copyright Agent:  
  

Copyright Agent  
Dropbox Inc.  
333 Brannan Street  
San Francisco, CA 94107  

Submit DMCA notice

## Dropbox Acceptable Use Policy

Dropbox is used by millions of people, and we're proud of the trust placed in
us. In exchange, we trust you to use our services responsibly.

You agree not to misuse the Dropbox services ("Services") or help anyone else
to do so. For example, you must not even try to do any of the following in
connection with the Services:

  * probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
  * breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication measures;
  * access, tamper with, or use non-public areas or parts of the Services, or shared areas of the Services you haven't been invited to;
  * interfere with or disrupt any user, host, or network, for example by sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing any part of the Services;
  * access, search, or create accounts for the Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces (for example, "scraping" or creating accounts in bulk);
  * send unsolicited communications, promotions or advertisements, or spam;
  * send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information, including "spoofing" or "phishing";
  * promote or advertise products or services other than your own without appropriate authorization;
  * abuse referrals or promotions to get more storage space than deserved;
  * circumvent storage space limits;
  * sell the Services unless specifically authorized to do so;
  * publish or share materials that are unlawfully pornographic or indecent, or that contain extreme acts of violence;
  * advocate bigotry or hatred against any person or group of people based on their race, religion, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual preference, disability, or impairment;
  * violate the law in any way, including storing, publishing or sharing material that's fraudulent, defamatory, or misleading; or
  * violate the privacy or infringe the rights of others.

If your organization signed a Dropbox Business or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement
with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the privacy policy below.
Please contact your organization's Admin for details.

## Dropbox Privacy Policy

Posted: April 12, 2017

Effective: April 12, 2017

Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use and handle your
information when you use our websites, software and services ("Services").

## What &amp; Why

We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and protect
our Services:

Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like your
name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account
activity. Some of our services let you access your accounts and your
information with other service providers.

Services. Our Services are designed to make it simple for you to store Your
Stuff, collaborate with others, and work across multiple devices. To make that
possible, we store, process, and transmit Your Stuff—like files, messages,
comments, and photos—as well as information related to it. This related
information can be things like your profile information that makes it easier
to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others. Our Services provide you with
different options for sharing Your Stuff.

You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you to
do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite
others to use the Services. If you do, we'll store those contacts on our
servers for you to use.

Usage. We collect information related to how you use the Services, including
actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, and moving
files or folders). This helps us provide you with features like the "Events"
page and version history.

We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the
Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and
device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and
identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their
settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.

Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel
tags to provide, improve, protect and promote our Services. For example,
cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next
visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving
them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept
cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems
receive a DNT:1 signal from your browser, we'll respond to that signal as
outlined here.

## With whom

We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to
advertisers or other third parties.

Others working for Dropbox. Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties (for
example, providers of customer support and IT services) to help us provide,
improve, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access
your information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this
Privacy Policy, and we'll remain responsible for their handling of your
information per our instructions.

Other users. Our Services display information like your name, profile picture,
and email address to other users in places like your user profile and sharing
notifications. When you register your Dropbox account with an email address on
a domain owned by your employer or organization, we may help collaborators
find you and your team by making some of your basic information—like your
name, team name, profile picture, and email address—visible to other users on
the same domain. This helps us show you teams you can join, and helps other
users share files and folders with you.

Certain features let you make additional information available to others.

Other applications. You can also give third parties access to your information
and account - for example, via Dropbox APIs. Just remember that their use of
your information will be governed by their privacy policies and terms.

Dropbox Team Admins. If you are a user of a Dropbox team (e.g., Dropbox
Business plans or Dropbox Education), your administrator may have the ability
to access and control your Dropbox team account. Please refer to your
organization's internal policies if you have questions about this. If you are
not a Dropbox team user but interact with a Dropbox team user (by, for
example, joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user),
members of that organization may be able to view the name, email address,
profile picture, and IP address that was associated with your account at the
time of that interaction.

Law &amp; Order. We may disclose your information to third parties if we
determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the
law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent
fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; or (d) protect Dropbox's property
rights.

Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we
embrace. We believe that our users' data should receive the same legal
protections regardless of whether it's stored on our services or on their home
computer's hard drive. We'll abide by the following Government Request
Principles when receiving, scrutinizing and responding to government requests
(including national security requests) for our users' data:

  * Be transparent,
  * Fight blanket requests,
  * Protect all users and
  * Provide trusted services.

We publish a Transparency Report as part of our commitment to informing users
about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the
types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage
users to review our Government Request Principles and Transparency Report for
more detailed information on our approach and response to government requests.

## How

Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and
testing for vulnerabilities. We also continue to work on features to keep your
information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication,
encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked
to your account.

Retention. We'll retain information you store on our Services for as long as
we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we'll also
delete this information. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in
deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may
retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. You can access your personal
information by logging into your Dropbox account. Learn more here.

## Where

Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and
transmit information in the United States and locations around the world -
including those outside your country. Information may also be stored locally
on the devices you use to access the Services.

EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield. When transferring data
from the European Union, the European Economic Area, and Switzerland, Dropbox
relies upon a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts with our users.
Dropbox complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as
set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use,
and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the
European Economic Area, and Switzerland to the United States. You can find
Dropbox's Privacy Shield certification here. You can also learn more about
Privacy Shield at https://www.privacyshield.gov.

Dropbox is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. JAMS is
the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving
complaints about our Privacy Shield compliance — free of charge to you. We ask
that you first submit any such complaints directly to us via
privacyshield@dropbox.com. If you aren't satisfied with our response, please
contact JAMS at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. In the event
your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding
arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles.

## Changes

If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our
assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will
notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with
your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most
current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your
rights, we will notify you.

## Contact

Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services and privacy? Contact us
at privacy@dropbox.com.

This section of the agreement only applies to Dropbox Business customers. If
your organization signed a Dropbox Business or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement
with Dropbox, that Agreement may be different from the terms below. Please
contact your organization's Admin for details.

Dropbox updated its Business Agreement on January 30th, 2017. Click here to
view the previous version.

##  Dropbox Business Agreement

Posted: 30 January 2017

This Dropbox Business Agreement (the "Agreement") is between Dropbox
International Unlimited Company if your organization is based outside the
United States, Canada and Mexico ("North America") or, if your organization is
based in North America, with Dropbox, Inc., a Delaware corporation (each,
"Dropbox") and the organization agreeing to these terms ("Customer"). This
Agreement governs access to and use of the Services and Beta Services. By
clicking "I agree," signing your contract for the Services, or using the
Services, you agree to this Agreement as a Customer.

To the extent that Dropbox, Inc. is, on behalf of the Customer, processing
Customer Data that is subject to EU Data Protection Laws, by clicking "I
agree", you are also agreeing to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, defined
below, with Dropbox, Inc. for the transfer of personal data to processors.

If you are agreeing to this Agreement and, if applicable, the EU Standard
Contractual Clauses, for use of the Services by an organization, you are
agreeing on behalf of that organization. You must have the authority to bind
that organization to these terms, otherwise you must not sign up for the
Services.

  1. Services. 
    1. Provision. This Agreement governs access to, and use of, the Services and Software. Customer and End Users may access and use the Services in accordance with this Agreement. 
    2. Security Measures.. Dropbox will use, at a minimum, industry standard technical and organizational security measures to transfer, store, and process Customer Data. These measures are designed to protect the integrity of Customer Data and guard against the unauthorized or unlawful access to, use, and processing of Customer Data. 
    3. Data Processing and Transfer. 
      1. Data Processing. Dropbox and its Sub-processors will only process Customer Data to provide the Services and to fulfill Dropbox's obligations under the Agreement. Sub-processors' processing activities will be restricted to processing on Dropbox's behalf and in accordance with Dropbox's instructions. Customer agrees that Dropbox and its Sub-processors may transfer, store, and process Customer Data in locations other than Customer's country. 
      2. EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Programs. Dropbox is certified and complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Programs. If the Privacy Shield Programs are invalidated, Dropbox will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the resulting alternate or successor data transfer mechanisms. 
      3. EU Standard Contractual Clauses. To the extent Customer Data is subject to EU Data Protection Laws and is processed by Dropbox on Customer's behalf: (i) Dropbox will use and process Customer Data as Customer instructs in order to provide the Services and to fulfill Dropbox's obligations under the Agreement; and (ii) Customer agrees to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with Dropbox, Inc. for the transfer of personal data. The EU Standard Contractual Clauses apply only to the Services and future variations of the Services, but do not apply to Beta Services or Excluded Features. 
    4. Modifications. Dropbox may update the Services from time to time. If Dropbox changes the Services in a manner that materially reduces their functionality, Dropbox will notify Customer at the email address associate with the account, and Customer may provide notice within thirty days of the change to terminate the Agreement. This termination right will not apply to updates made to features provided on a beta or evaluation basis. 
    5. Software. 
      1. Generally. The Services allow Customer and End Users to download Software that may update automatically. If any component of the Software is offered under an open source license, Dropbox will make the license available to Customer and to the extent the provisions of that license grant Customer additional rights, those provisions will expressly override some terms of this Agreement with respect to that component of the Software. 
      2. License. Dropbox hereby grants to Customer during the Term a limited non-exclusive license to use the Software solely in connection with the Services and in accordance with this Agreement. This license is non-transferable (subject to Section 12.8), irrevocable (except as set forth in Section 7), non-sublicensable, and will be fully paid up upon Customer's payment of the Fees. 
    6. Customer Domains. Prior to providing the Services Dropbox may require Customer to verify that Customer owns or controls the Customer Domains. If Customer does not own or control the Customer Domains, then Dropbox will have no obligation to provide Customer with the Services. 
  2. Customer Obligations. 
    1. Customer Administration of the Services. Customer may specify End Users as Administrators through the Admin Console. Customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords and Admin Accounts, and managing access to Admin Accounts. Dropbox's responsibilities do not extend to the internal management or administration of the Services for Customer. The Customer acknowledges that, if the Customer purchases the Services through a reseller and designates any of the reseller's personnel as Administrators of the Customer's Services account, the reseller may be able to control account information, including Customer Data, and access the Customer's Services account as described above. 
    2. Unauthorized Use or Access. Customer will prevent unauthorized use of the Services by its End Users and terminate any unauthorized use of or access to the Services. End User Accounts may only be provisioned, registered, and used by a single End User. The Services are not intended for End Users under the age of 13. Customer will ensure that it does not allow any person under 13 to use the Services. Customer will promptly notify Dropbox of any unauthorized use of or access to the Services. 
    3. Restrictions. Customer will not: (a) sell, resell, or lease the Services or Software; (b) use the Services or Software for activities where use or failure of the Services or Software could lead to physical damage, death, or personal injury; (c) reverse engineer the Services or Software, or attempt or assist anyone else to do so, unless this restriction is prohibited by law; or (d) use the Services or Software, including the export or re-export of Customer Data, in violation of Export Control Laws. 
    4. Compliance. Customer and its End Users must use the Services in compliance with the Acceptable Use Policy. Customer is responsible for use of the Services by its End Users. Customer will comply with laws and regulations applicable to Customer's use of the Services, if any. Customer will obtain and maintain from End Users any consents necessary to allow Administrators to engage in the activities described in this Agreement and to allow Dropbox to provide the Services. Customer will not store, transmit or otherwise process any information via the Services that falls within the definition of "Protected Health Information" under the HIPAA Privacy Rule (45 C.F.R. Section 164.051), unless Customer and Dropbox separately enter into a HIPAA Business Associate Agreement, which may be done via the Admin Console. 
    5. Third-Party Apps and Integrations. If Customer uses any third-party service or applications, such as a service that uses a Dropbox API, with the Services: (a) Dropbox will not be responsible for any act or omission of the third-party, including the third-party's access to or use of Customer Data; and (b) Dropbox does not warrant or support any service provided by the third-party. 
    6. Third-Party Requests. 
      1. Customer Responsibility. Customer is responsible for responding to Third-Party Requests via its own access to information. Customer will seek to obtain information required to respond to Third-Party Requests and will contact Dropbox only if it cannot obtain such information despite diligent efforts. 
      2. Dropbox Responsibility. Dropbox will make commercially reasonable efforts, to the extent allowed by law and by the terms of the Third-Party Request, to: (i) promptly notify Customer of Dropbox's receipt of a Third-Party Request; (ii) comply with Customer's commercially reasonable requests regarding its efforts to oppose a Third-Party Request; and (iii) provide Customer with information or tools required for Customer to respond to the Third-Party Request, if Customer is otherwise unable to obtain the information. If Customer fails to promptly respond to any Third-Party Request, then Dropbox may, but will not be obligated to do so. 
  3. Payment. 
    1. Fees. Customer will pay Dropbox or Customer's Reseller all applicable Fees for the Services, in the currency indicated on the Order Form. Customer authorizes Dropbox, or Customer's reseller, to charge Customer for all applicable Fees using Customer's selected payment method. Fees are non-refundable except as required by law or as otherwise specifically permitted in this Agreement. 
    2. Payment. Customer will pay Dropbox invoices on the payment interval set forth in the Order Form. Dropbox may suspend or terminate the Services if Fees are past due. Customer will provide complete and accurate billing and contact information to Dropbox or to Customer's Reseller. 
    3. Taxes. Fees are exclusive of taxes and Customer is responsible for all Taxes. Dropbox, or Customer's reseller, will charge Taxes when required to do so. If Customer provides Dropbox or its reseller with a valid exemption certificate, Dropbox or the reseller will not collect the taxes covered by that certificate. 
    4. Withholding Taxes. Customer will pay Dropbox or its reseller net of any applicable Withholding Taxes. Customer and Dropbox, or Customer's reseller as applicable, will work together to avoid any Withholding Tax if exemptions, or a reduced treaty withholding rate, are available. If Dropbox or Customer's reseller qualifies for a tax exemption, or a reduced treaty withholding rate, Dropbox or Customer's reseller will provide Customer with reasonable documentary proof. Customer will provide Dropbox or Customer's reseller reasonable evidence that it has paid the relevant authority for the sum withheld or deducted. 
    5. Auto-renewals and Trials. IF THE CUSTOMER'S ACCOUNT IS SET TO AUTO-RENEWAL OR IS IN A TRIAL PERIOD, DROPBOX (OR THE CUSTOMER'S RESELLER) MAY CHARGE AUTOMATICALLY AT THE END OF THE TRIAL OR FOR THE RENEWAL, UNLESS THE CUSTOMER NOTIFIES DROPBOX (OR THE CUSTOMER'S RESELLER, AS APPLICABLE) THAT THE CUSTOMER WANTS TO CANCEL OR DISABLE AUTO-RENEWAL. Dropbox may revise Service rates by providing the Customer at least thirty days' notice prior to the next charge. 
    6. Purchase Orders. If Customer requires the use of a purchase order or purchase order number, Customer: (i) must provide the purchase order number at the time of purchase; and (ii) agrees that any terms and conditions on a Customer purchase order will not apply to this Agreement and are null and void. If the Customer is purchasing via a reseller, any terms and conditions from the Customer's reseller or in a purchase order between the Customer and its reseller that conflict with the Agreement are null and void. 
  4. Suspension. 
    1. Of End User Accounts by Dropbox. If an End User: (a) violates this Agreement; or (b) uses the Services in a manner that Dropbox reasonably believes will cause it liability, then Dropbox may request that Customer suspend or terminate the applicable End User account. If Customer fails to promptly suspend or terminate the End User account, then Dropbox may do so. 
    2. Security Emergencies. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, if there is a Security Emergency then Dropbox may automatically suspend use of the Services. Dropbox will make commercially reasonable efforts to narrowly tailor the suspension as needed to prevent or terminate the Security Emergency. 
  5. Intellectual Property Rights. 
    1. Reservation of Rights. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement does not grant: (a) Dropbox any Intellectual Property Rights in Customer Data; or (b) Customer any Intellectual Property Rights in the Services or Dropbox trademarks and brand features. 
    2. Limited Permission. Customer grants Dropbox only the limited rights that are reasonably necessary for Dropbox to provide the Services. This limited permission also extends to Subcontractors or Sub-processors. 
    3. Suggestions. Dropbox may use, modify, and incorporate into its products and services, license and sublicense, any feedback, comments, or suggestions on the Services that Customer or End Users may send Dropbox or post in Dropbox's forums without any obligation to Customer. 
  6. Term. 
    1. Agreement Term. This Agreement will remain in effect for the Term. 
    2. Services Term. Dropbox will provide the Services to Customer for the Services Term. Unless the parties agree otherwise in writing, End User Accounts purchased during any Services Term will have a prorated term ending on the last day of the pre-existing Services Term. 
  7. Termination. 
    1. Generally. Either Party may terminate this Agreement, including all Order Forms, if: (i) the other Party is in material breach of the Agreement and fails to cure that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice; or (ii) the other Party ceases its business operations or becomes subject to insolvency proceedings and the proceedings are not dismissed within ninety days. 
    2. Effects of Termination. If this Agreement terminates: (a) except as set forth in this Section, the rights and licenses granted by Dropbox to Customer will cease immediately; (b) Dropbox may, at Customer's request, provide Customer access to its account at then-current fees so that Customer may export its Customer Data; and (c) after a commercially reasonable period of time, Dropbox may delete any Customer Data relating to Customer's account. The following sections will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement: 2.6 (Third Party Requests), 3 (Payment), 5 (Intellectual Property Rights), 7.2 (Effects of Termination), 8 (Indemnification), 9 (Disclaimers), 10 (Limitation of Liability), 11 (Disputes), and 12 (Miscellaneous). 
  8. Indemnification. 
    1. By Customer. Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dropbox from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any claim by a third party against Dropbox and its Affiliates regarding: (a) Customer Data; (b) Customer Domains; or (c) Customer's, or Customer's End Users', use of the Services in violation of this Agreement. 
    2. By Dropbox. Dropbox will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Customer from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any claim by a third party against Customer to the extent based on an allegation that Dropbox's technology used to provide the Services to the Customer infringes or misappropriates any copyright, trade secret, U.S. patent, or trademark right of the third party. In no event will Dropbox have any obligations or liability under this section arising from: (a) use of any Services in a modified form or in combination with materials not furnished by Dropbox; and (b) any content, information, or data provided by Customer, End Users, or other third parties. 
    3. Possible Infringement. If Dropbox believes the Services or Software infringe or may be alleged to infringe a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, then Dropbox may: (a) obtain the right for Customer, at Dropbox's expense, to continue using the Services or Software; (b) provide a non-infringing functionally equivalent replacement; or (c) modify the Services or Software so that they no longer infringe. If Dropbox does not believe the options described in this section are commercially reasonable, then Dropbox may suspend or terminate Customer's use of the affected Services or Software, with a pro-rata refund of prepaid fees for the Services or Software. 
    4. General. The Party seeking indemnification will promptly notify the other Party of the claim and cooperate with the other Party in defending the claim. The indemnifying Party will have full control and authority over the defense, except that: (a) any settlement requiring the Party seeking indemnification to admit liability requires prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and (b) the other Party may join in the defense with its own counsel at its own expense. THE INDEMNITIES ABOVE ARE DROPBOX AND CUSTOMER'S ONLY REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR VIOLATION BY THE OTHER PARTY OF A THIRD PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
  9. Disclaimers. 
    1. Generally. THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR USING THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN AND BACKING UP ANY STORED DATA ON THE SERVICES. 
    2. Beta Services. Despite anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (a) Customer may choose to use Beta Services in its sole discretion; (b) Beta Services may not be supported and may be changed at any time without notice; (c) Beta Services may not be as reliable or available as the Services; (d) Beta Services have not been subjected to the same security measures and auditing to which the Services have been subjected; and (e) DROPBOX WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH BETA SERVICES - USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
  10. Limitation of Liability. 
    1. Limitation on Indirect Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT FOR DROPBOX OR CUSTOMER'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND DISTRIBUTORS WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR (I) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR (II) LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, REVENUES, OR PROFITS (IN EACH CASE WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT SUCH DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
    2. Limitation on Amount of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF $100,000 OR THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO DROPBOX HEREUNDER DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. 
  11. Disputes. 
    1. Informal Resolution. Before filing a claim, each Party agrees to try to resolve the dispute by contacting the other Party through the notice procedures in Section 12.6. If a dispute is not resolved within thirty days of notice, Customer or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding. 
    2. Arbitration. Customer and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to this Agreement or the Services through final and binding arbitration, except as set forth below. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be held in San Francisco (CA), or any other location both parties agree to in writing. 
    3. Exception to Arbitration. Either Party may bring a lawsuit in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services or infringement of Intellectual Property Rights without first engaging in the informal dispute notice process described above. Both Customer and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there. 
    4. NO CLASS ACTIONS. Customer may only resolve disputes with Dropbox on an individual basis and will not bring a claim in a class, consolidated or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed. 
  12. Miscellaneous. 
    1. Terms Modification. Dropbox may revise this Agreement from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on the Dropbox Business website. If a revision, in Dropbox's sole discretion, is material, Dropbox will notify Customer (by, for example, sending an email to the email address associated with the applicable account). Other revisions may be posted to Dropbox's blog or terms page, and Customer is responsible for checking these postings regularly. By continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, Customer agrees to be bound by the revised Agreement. If Customer does not agree to the revised Agreement terms, Customer may terminate the Services within thirty days of receiving notice of the change. 
    2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or understandings between the Parties, and constitutes the entire Agreement between the Parties related to this subject matter. All attachments to the Agreement, Customer invoices, and Order Forms executed by the Parties, are hereby incorporated into the Agreement by this reference. 
    3. Interpretation of Conflicting Terms. If there is a conflict between the documents that make up this Agreement, the documents will control in the following order: the invoice, the Order Form, the Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Agreement will be considered the confidential information of Dropbox, and Customer will not disclose the information to any third parties. Customer agrees that any terms and conditions on a Customer purchase order will not apply to this Agreement and are null and void. If End Users are required to click through terms of service in order to use the Services, those click through terms are subordinate to this Agreement and this Agreement will control if there is a conflict. 
    4. Governing Law. THE AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW EXCEPT FOR ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 
    5. Severability. Unenforceable provisions will be modified to reflect the parties' intention and only to the extent necessary to make them enforceable, and the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect. 
    6. Notice. Notices must be sent via email, first class, airmail, or overnight courier and are deemed given when received. Notices to Customer may also be sent to the applicable account email address and are deemed given when sent. Notices to Dropbox must be sent to Dropbox Legal at contractnotices@dropbox.com, with a copy to Dropbox, Inc., P.O. Box 77767, San Francisco, CA 94107, attn.: Legal Department. 
    7. Waiver. A waiver of any default is not a waiver of any subsequent default. 
    8. Assignment. Customer may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of Dropbox. Dropbox may not assign this Agreement without providing notice to Customer, except Dropbox may assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under this Agreement to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets without providing notice. Any other attempt to transfer or assign is void. 
    9. No Agency. Dropbox and Customer are not legal partners or agents, but are independent contractors. 
    10. Subcontracting. Dropbox will remain liable for all acts or omissions of its Subcontractors or Sub-processors, and for any subcontracted obligations. 
    11. Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations, neither Dropbox nor Customer will be liable for inadequate performance to the extent caused by a condition that was beyond the Party's reasonable control (for example, natural disaster, act of war or terrorism, riot, labor condition, governmental action, and Internet disturbance). 
    12. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. Without limiting this section, a Customer's End Users are not third-party beneficiaries to Customer's rights under this Agreement. 
  13. Definitions. 
    * "Acceptable Use Policy" means the Dropbox acceptable use policy set forth at the following link, or other link that Dropbox may provide: https://www.dropbox.com/terms#acceptable_use. 
    * "Account Data" means the account and contact information submitted to the Services by Customer or End Users. 
    * "Administrator" means the Customer-designated technical End User who administers the Services to End Users on Customer's behalf. Administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict or remove Customer Data in or from End User Accounts. Administrators may also have the ability to monitor, restrict, or terminate access to End User Accounts. 
    * "Admin Account" means the administrative account provided to Customer by Dropbox for the purpose of administering the Services. 
    * "Admin Console" means the online tool provided by Dropbox to Customer for use in administering the Services. 
    * "Affiliate" means any entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a Party, where "control" means the ability to direct the management and policies of an entity. 
    * "Beta Services" means services or features identified as alpha, beta, preview, early access, or evaluation, or words or phrases with similar meanings. 
    * "Customer Data" means Stored Data, Account Data, and messages, comments, structured data, photos, and other content submitted to the Services by Customer or End Users. 
    * "Customer Domains" means Customer's Internet domain names. 
    * "Effective Date" means the date this Agreement is accepted by Customer. 
    * "End Users" means users of Customer's Services account. End Users may include Customer's and its Affiliate's employees and consultants. 
    * "End User Account" means a Dropbox hosted account established by Customer through the Services for an End User. 
    * "EU Data Protection Laws" means those laws implementing EU Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC). 
    * "EU-US Privacy Shield Program" means the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Program framework and its principles as set forth by the US Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from EU member states. 
    * "EU Standard Contractual Clauses" means the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with Dropbox, Inc. for the transfer of personal data to processors set forth at the following link: https://assets.dropbox.com/documents/en-us/legal/eu-standard-clauses-dfb-011017.pdf or other link that Dropbox may provide. 
    * "Excluded Features" means services or features listed here https://assets.dropbox.com/documents/en-us/legal/dfb-services-exceptions.pdf, which list may be updated from time to time by Dropbox, provided that non-Beta features incorporated in the Services as of the Effective Date will not be transitioned to the Excluded Features list during the Term. 
    * "Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR<") maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the Department of State. 
    * "Fees" means the amounts invoiced to Customer by Dropbox for the Services as described on the Order Form. 
    * "Initial Services Term" means the term for the applicable Services beginning on the Provisioning Date and continuing for the duration set forth on the Order Form. 
    * "Intellectual Property Rights" means current and future worldwide rights under patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, moral rights, and other similar rights. 
    * "Order Form" means the ordering document, or ordering page, for the Services. 
    * "Provisioning Date" is the date upon which Dropbox makes the Services available to Customer. 
    * "Renewal Term" means, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Parties, the twelve-month renewal term following either the Services Initial Term, or a previous Renewal Term. Renewal Terms are set forth on the Order Form. 
    * "Security Emergency" means: (i) use of the Services that do or could disrupt the Services, other customers' use of the Services, or the infrastructure used to provide the Services; or (ii) unauthorized third-party access to the Services. 
    * "Services" means the services ordered by Customer and provided by Dropbox to Customer, which are described at https://www.dropbox.com/business, or other link that Dropbox may provide. 
    * "Services Term" means the Initial Services Term and all Renewal Terms for the applicable Services. 
    * "Software" means the client software provided as part of the Services. 
    * "Stored Data" means the files uploaded to the Services using the Software by Customer or End Users. 
    * "Subcontractor" means an entity to whom Dropbox subcontracts any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
    * "Sub-processor" means an entity who agrees to process Stored Data on Dropbox's behalf, or on behalf of another Dropbox sub-processor, in order to provide the Services. 
    * "Taxes" means any sales, use, value added, goods and services, consumption, excise, local stamp, or other tax, (including but not limited to ISS, CIDE, PIS, CONFINS), duty or other charge of any kind or nature excluding tax that is based on Dropbox's net income, associated with the Services or Software, including any related penalties or interest. 
    * "Term" means the term of the Agreement, which will begin on the Effective Date and continue until the earlier of: (i) the end of the Services Term; or (ii) the Agreement is terminated as set forth herein. 
    * "Third-Party Request" means a request from a third-party for records relating to an End User's use of the Services including information in or from an End User Account, or from Customer's Services account. Third-Party Requests may include valid search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, or any other request for which there is written consent from End Users, or an End User's authorized representative, permitting a disclosure. 
    * "Withholding Taxes" mean any Taxes Customer is required by law to withhold, which are then imposed on Dropbox, or Customer's reseller, as applicable. 

## Dropbox DMCA Policy

Dropbox (“Dropbox”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and
expects its users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright
Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, Dropbox will
respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the
Dropbox service and/or the Dropbox website (the “Site”) if such claims are
reported to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent identified in the sample
notice below.

If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or
authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report
alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by
completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it
to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of Notice as described
below, Dropbox will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems
appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Site.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)

  1. Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.

  2. Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site or the exact location where such material may be found.

  3. Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.

  4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice: 
    * “I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”

    * “I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”

  5. Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Dropbox’s Designated
Copyright Agent:  
  

Copyright Agent  
Dropbox Inc.  
333 Brannan Street  
San Francisco, CA 94107  

Submit DMCA notice

## Dropbox Acceptable Use Policy

Dropbox is used by millions of people, and we're proud of the trust placed in
us. In exchange, we trust you to use our services responsibly.

You agree not to misuse the Dropbox services ("Services") or help anyone else
to do so. For example, you must not even try to do any of the following in
connection with the Services:

  * probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
  * breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication measures;
  * access, tamper with, or use non-public areas or parts of the Services, or shared areas of the Services you haven't been invited to;
  * interfere with or disrupt any user, host, or network, for example by sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing any part of the Services;
  * access, search, or create accounts for the Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces (for example, "scraping" or creating accounts in bulk);
  * send unsolicited communications, promotions or advertisements, or spam;
  * send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information, including "spoofing" or "phishing";
  * promote or advertise products or services other than your own without appropriate authorization;
  * abuse referrals or promotions to get more storage space than deserved;
  * circumvent storage space limits;
  * sell the Services unless specifically authorized to do so;
  * publish or share materials that are unlawfully pornographic or indecent, or that contain extreme acts of violence;
  * advocate bigotry or hatred against any person or group of people based on their race, religion, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual preference, disability, or impairment;
  * violate the law in any way, including storing, publishing or sharing material that's fraudulent, defamatory, or misleading; or
  * violate the privacy or infringe the rights of others.

  * Dropbox
  * Install
  * Mobile
  * Pricing
  * Business
  * Enterprise
  * Tour

  * About us
  * Dropbox Blog
  * About
  * Branding
  * News
  * Jobs

  * Support
  * Help Center
  * Contact us
  * Copyright
  * Cookies
  * Privacy & Terms

  * Community
  * Referrals
  * Forum
  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Developers

The Dropbox website requires JavaScript.

