### Language Selector

* Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©
* EspaÃ±ol - AR
* PortuguÃªs - BR
* ÄeÅ¡tina
* Deutsch
* Dansk
* English
* EspaÃ±ol
* Suomi
* FranÃ§ais
* ÎµÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬
* Hrvatski

* Magyar
* Italiano
* Nederlands
* Norsk
* Polski
* PortuguÃªs
* RomÃ¢nÄ
* Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
* Svenska
* SlovenÄina
* à¸ à¸²à¸©à¸²à¹à¸à¸¢
* TÃ¼rkÃ§e

# DATA PROTECTION PROVISIONS

InnoGames GmbH ("InnoGames") is seriously committed towards protecting the
privacy of its users when processing personal data and considers this for all
business processes. InnoGames observes the pertinent data protection
guidelines. These data protection provisions apply to all services offered on
websites operated by InnoGames as well as to portals and to all online games
offered by InnoGames ("Website") but not to pages belonging to other providers
to which the website may link. In this respect, the data provision conditions
of the relevant provider shall apply.

Here we would like to inform you about the way we collect and use data. By
accessing and using the Website, you expressly declare that you approve of the
following data protection provisions. At any time, you have the right to
revoke any potentially granted approvals to be effective in the future. (Refer
to clause 8 "Revocation option").

If you have any questions as to how InnoGames uses your personal data, please
contact us. (refer to clause 9 "Questions on data protection and contact") .

## 1\. Capturing and use of your personal data by InnoGames

1.1 You are anonymous when visiting the website. Any access by a user of the
website and any retrieval of a file always collects access data on this
process in the protocol file on our server without personal relevance and is
stored in our server as follows: Internet Protocol, address / IP address, page
from which the file was requested, date, time, browser type and operating
system, the page you visited, transferred data quantity, access status (file
transferred, file not found, etc.). This data is used to generate statistics
which help InnoGames to adapt the services offered to your requirements.

1.2 In principle, InnoGames only gains knowledge of, captures and utilises
such data which you provide when using the website within the scope of your
initial registration and full user registration and, if applicable, when
making use of services subject to a charge. Upon initial registration and full
user registration, all you need is to give a user name and an email address.

1.3 Within the scope of executing the concluded user agreement, in particular
with regard to any services subject to a charge which you have selected, you
may be required to provide further data, such as for example, full name,
address, banking details, credit card numbers, etc. The processing of your
requests or your support may also require us to ask for personal data, such as
your name, address, email address and telephone number. InnoGames will treat
this data confidentially and according to the legal data protection
provisions. InnoGames will not pass such information to a third party without
your authorisation, other than to the extent required to execute the
agreement, to process your requests or for your support. You will find more
details regarding passing on data to third parties in clause 6 "Passing
personal data to third parties".

1.4 Here, InnoGames points out that inventory data, utilisation data and
statement data according to Articles 14, 15 of the Telecommunications Act or
Article 28 of the Federal Data Protection Act are collected, processed and
used and this is done, as far as required, even beyond the fulfilment of an
agreement. InnoGames reserves the right to store IP addresses and log files
for a reasonable period of time after making use of the website to monitor
whether the user complies with the conditions and game rules, in particular to
ensure proper processing of the payment that you have authorized. This process
especially serves to prevent or clarify any cases of abuse and to allow these
data to be appropriately passed on to the investigative authorities in
specific instances. For the rest, as far as possible, any other evaluation of
the data takes place in an anonymized form. Provided there is no pending
concrete prosecution action and no preliminary proceedings have been initiated
for abuse, the IP addresses and log files are deleted in full at the end of
this deadline.

1.5 At its own initiative or at your request, InnoGames can complete, correct
or delete incomplete, incorrect and/or outdated personal data which InnoGames
stores in connection with the operation of the website.

1.6 Within the scope of legal provisions, InnoGames immediately deletes
personal data at the authorised person`s request, provided this does not
contradict mandatory legal retention obligations.

## 2\. Receipt of information about the Game / Newsletter

With your registration, you confirm that you agree to receive regular email
information about the game (e.g. information about updates, etc.) for which
you have initially registered / fully registered, as well as a newsletter with
current information about other games, etc. You can, at any time, send
InnoGames a message that you no longer wish to receive such information. In
addition, you always have the option to de-register via a special link located
directly in the information about the game or in the newsletter to stop any
further receipt.

You can revoke your approval to use your email address to receive information
about the game and/or the newsletter at any time with effect for the future
(For contact information, refer to clause 8).

## 3\. The use of cookies and web beacons

3.1 Own cookies and web beacons, advertising by third parties, links to other
websites

In order to design our Internet offer in the most user-friendly manner for
you, we, as well as many other companies, also use so-called permanent or
temporary cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small text files which are
stored on the user's computer and allow for an analysis of how he or she uses
the website. This storage, for example, serves to enable an auto-login so that
you do not have to identify yourself each time you access the site. No
personal identification of the user takes place based on the data stored in
the cookie.

If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer or wish to be
informed of their storage, you can prevent the installation of cookies by a
corresponding adjustment to your browser software by selecting the option "do
not accept cookies" in your browser settings. Your browser manufacturer's
instructions will give you more details on how this works. However, we would
like to point out that by preventing cookies, you may find that you cannot use
all of the website's functions to the full extent.

3.2.1 Google Analytics

Google Analytics, a web analysis service from the provider Google Incorporated
("Google"), collects and stores data on the company`s website, enabling the
creation of user profiles under pseudonyms. These user profiles serve to
analyse visitor behaviour and are evaluated in order to improve and design our
offer so as to meet the demands. Cookies can be used for this purpose. You can
prevent cookies being installed by making a corresponding adjustment to your
browser software; however, we must point out that if you do so, you may not be
able to use all the functions on this website to the full extent. The
pseudonymous user profiles are not merged with personal data via the pseudonym
carrier without an especially granted approval by the affected person. You
can, at any time with effect for the future, object to the collection and
storing of data for the purpose of web analysis by installing the browser add-
on to deactivate Google Analytics.
(http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).

3.2.2 Hotjar

This website uses the services of Hotjar Ltd, Malta. This is an analytics tool
which helps us to follow-up your use of our website, e.g. to see how you
navigate through our website. The aim is to optimize your experiance as a
visitor of our website and to make our offer to you more attractive. Hotjar
uses Cookies (meaning small text files which are stored on your device).
Further information with regards to Cookies used by Hotjar can be found here:
https://www.hotjar.com/cookies. If you would like to avoid an installation of
Cookies, you can deactivate those as described in Sec. 3.1. We further
implemented the Hotjar-Tracking-Code on our website, which allows us to gather
the following information: (i) device-specific data (your device's IP address
- collected and stored in an anonymized format, device screen size, device
type (unique device identifiers) and browser information, country as
geographic location, preferred language used to display the webpage) and (ii)
log data (referring domain, page(s) visited, country as geographic location,
preferred language used to display the webpage, date and time when website
pages were accessed). In general, your data is only gathered in anonymized
form and no personal references will be made. In case of your registration for
our services, your data from Hotjar will not be connected with your personal
data. Hotjar does also use services of third parties, such as Google Analytics
and Optimizely. Further information about Hotjarâs privacy policy can be
found here: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy. You can opt out for the future of
any gathering and storage of your data by Hotjar under:
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out.

3.3. Advertising by third parties, links to other websites, Google AdSense,
Facebook button

3.3.1 From time to time, the website may also contain advertising by a third
party and interactive links to third party Internet appearances for which
InnoGames is not responsible. In particular, InnoGames has no influence on the
content and design of the linked external pages or the Internet appearances
which you reach via these pages. The relevant providers are exclusively
responsible for the content and design of these Internet appearances as well
as their compliance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act.

3.3.2 The website uses Google AdSense, a web services provided by Google,
through which third party advertisements are posted on the website. Within
these advertisements, Google can post cookies on the user's hard drive in
order to read out the data and can use web beacons (small, invisible graphic
files) to collect information. Information created by the cookies and/or web
beacons are transferred to a Google server in the USA and processed there.

3.3.3 Occasionally, the advertisers or companies use technologies through
which advertisements appearing on the InnoGames page are sent directly to your
browser, resulting in an automatic transfer of your IP address. The relevant
advertisers or companies at times also use cookies as well as other technical
means to measure their advertisements' efficiency or to improve their content.
This particularly, but not exclusively, affects the allocation of Internet
pages to certain interest categories according to your Internet use. In this
context, no connection is created between this information and your name,
address, telephone number or email address. InnoGames has no influence on
this. Data handling by these third parties is therefore not included in this
data protection declaration. You can deactivate the use of cookies in your
browser settings (refer to clause 3.1). In addition you can prevent the
collection of interest-related data and their categorisation by deactivation
on www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.

3.3.4 The website can include the so-called Facebook button "Like", which is
exclusively operated by the social network Facebook and thus by Facebook Inc.,
1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebookâ). Should you
click on the Facebook button "Like" you will be asked by Facebook, if you do
not have a Facebook account or are not currently logged into your Facebook
account, to register with Facebook in order to use the function. The
consequence is that your information is transferred to Facebook. However,
should you already have a Facebook account and are logged into your Facebook
account parallel to your visit to the website, a connection is automatically
created to Facebook's servers, in other words, even without you clicking on
the Facebook button; this means that data is transferred to Facebook
immediately following your visit to the website. The transfer of your data and
the allocation to your Facebook account therefore takes place automatically
without any further notification. InnoGames has no influence on this. You can
only prevent this transfer if you log out of your Facebook account beforehand.
InnoGames expressly points out that you can obtain further information about
the data which Facebook collects and your individual rights in this regard
from Facebook's website and the data protection provisions stated there. You
can read Facebook's data protection provisions on page http://de-
de.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php

3.3.5 When you use or connect to a InnoGames website or download a InnoGames
mobile app by or through a Third Party Platform, such as Facebook or other
social networking site, you allow us to access and/or collect certain
information from your Third Party Platform profile/account (such as your
Facebook account) or via any cookies placed on your device by such Third Party
Platform as permitted by the terms of the agreement and your privacy settings
with the Third Party Platform. We will share such information with the Third
Party Platform for their use as permitted by the terms of the agreement and
your privacy setting with the Third Party Platform.â

We will share some of the information we collect from you upon install of the
mobile app with vendors and other service providers who are engaged by or
working with us in connection with the operation of the services we provide to
you and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and
display of such information in an aggregated and anonymized manner such that
will not in any way identify you.

You may "opt out" of the collection of your information for third party
analytics purposes by following the directions provided by our third party
analytics vendor located at http://www.mobileapptracking.com/privacy-policy/.
If you âopt outâ with our third party analytics provider, that action is
specific to the information we collect specifically for that provider, and
does not limit our ability to collect information from you, under the terms of
this privacy policy, for other vendors.

3.3.6 We transfer your anonymized device ID (IDentifier For Advertisers - IDFA
or Google Advertiser ID - GAID) to some of our Marketing partners within or
outside Europe (e.g. US) to generate advertisements for certain user groups
with the help of our partners or to exclude certain user groups from special
advertisements. The collection, storing and transfer of the device ID can at
any time be disabled with effect for the future by adjusting the settings of
your mobile device as set out under section Â§ 3.5.

3.3.7 Our website uses the so-called Facebook Pixel of Facebook Inc., 1601 S.
California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, http://www.facebook.com
(âFacebookâ). The Facebook Pixel is a part of code which is implemented in
our website. Its aim is to show conversions (i.e. it shows which devices have
been used by an user to do an action), to create so-called lookalike audiences
(i.e. to reach users with ads which have similar traits like other customers)
and to generate comprehensive statistics about the use of our website. If you
visit our website the Facebook Pixel directly creates a connection to the
servers of Facebook. In this case the Facebook server is informed that you
have visited our website and Facebook allocates that information to your
personal Facebook profile. Further information about the collection and use of
your personal data via Facebook as well as about your rights and possibilities
can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can deactivate
the function as described under:  https://en-
gb.facebook.com/business/help/1415256572060999?helpref=uf_permalink. For that
you have to be registered with your Facebook account.

3.3.8 We allow AOL to serve advertising for our websites with AOLâs
website(s) and / or third party websites which are our partners or partners of
AOL. The following information is inter alia collected by AOL and / or third
parties websites: device ID, impressions, clicks, page views etc. You can stop
these advertisements and collection of data for the future via opting-out as
described here: http://www.youronlinechoices.com,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or
http://www.aboutads.info.

3.3.9 InnoGames uses a third party service of AppNexus Inc., 28 West 23rd
Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA, https://www.appnexus.com
(âAppNexusâ) to place advertisements. For that reason we have implemented
the Tracking Pixel (i.e. a part of a code) of AppNexus on our website. With
the help of the Tracking Pixel actions of users can be tracked. User profiles
with personal references are not generated therewith, rather more, statistical
information is gathered and transferred to AppNexus. The aim is to optimize
advertisement campaigns and to post interest-based ads to internet users. If
you do not wish for that you can deactivate this function by using the opt-out
button under  https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-
policy#choices. Further information about data protection of AppNexus can be
found here:  https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-policy.

3.4 Usage via a third-party platform; MobileTracking

In order to improve and optimize our service continuously, we use so-called
mobile tracking technologies. For this, we use the services of the adjust
GmbH, SaarbrÃ¼cker Str. 38a, 10405 Berlin, Germany (www.adjust.com). With the
help of these services, we collect statistical data on the usage of our apps
to be able to constantly improve our offers. While using our apps, information
transmitted to us by your device are collected and analyzed. In this respect,
the following data are gathered: IP address, which is anonymized right away,
MAC address, anonymized Device ID (IDentifier For Advertisers - IDFA or Google
Advertiser ID - GAID), browser type, language settings, internet service
provider, network status, time zone, URL of the entry and exit pages, date of
access and time spent, clickstream data, and other statistical information
about the use of our services. A direct individual identification of the user
is not possible. The data gathered this way is used to create anonymous user
profiles. The data collected with the tracking technologies will not be used
to personally identify any visitor of our websites without their explicit
consent. The collection and storing of the data can at any time be disabled
with effect for the future by adjusting the settings of your mobile device as
set out in section Â§3.5.

3.5 You can disable the tracking of your device ID as follows:

  * In the case of a mobile device of Apple: Open the settings of your mobile device (e.g. iPhone or iPad) and select the menu item âPrivacyâ. Under âAdvertisingâ you can turn off the Ad Tracking. 
  * In the case of Android devices: Open the settings in your App list and tap on the âAdâ button. When the Ad window has opened, you can deactivate the Google Advertising ID. 

3.6 wywy Analytics

We use wywy Analytics, an analysis service provided by wywy GmbH (âwywyâ),
for the online measurement of the effectiveness of our TV campaigns.Â In case
our website is visited, wywy collects and stores anonymized data
(http://wywy.com/legal/privacy-policy/ ). This data is used to analyze
customer behavior (information on first-time visitors, their reaction to
marketing measures, return visitors, duration of visit) with regard to TV. If
our website is used with a desktop device, cookies may be used. Cookies are
small text files, which are stored locally on the computer of the page visitor
and thus enable a recognition when visiting our website again. The IP address
of the page visitor is anonymized by wywy the moment it is collected. You can
deactivate the use of cookies in your browser settings (see section 3.1). In
case a mobile device is used, wywy uses the Advertising ID of your mobile
device for the above mentioned analysis service, where the ID has been
anonymized by adjust (see section 3.4). The transmission of the Advertising ID
can be stopped at any time with effect for the future by adjusting the
settings of your mobile device as shown in section 3.5. A direct personal
reference does not exist. Any data collected in that way are used to create
anonymous user profiles. You may object to the collection and storage of data
by wywy at any time and with effect for the future by following this link:
http://wywy.com/wywy-opt-out/

## 4\. Use of the Scalable Central Measurement Method

The website uses the "Scalable Central Measurement Method / Skalierbares
Zentrales Messverfahren" [SZM] of INFOnline (https://www.infoline.de) to
determine statistical characteristic values in the use of InnoGames`s offer.
Anonymous measured values are collected in this process. For the recognition
of computer systems, the SZM audience measurement uses alternatively either a
cookie with the identifier "ivwbox.de" or a signature which is created from
various information automatically transferred by your computer. IP addresses
are not stored via this method and only processed in anonymised form.

The audience measurement was developed in consideration of data protection.
The goal of the audience measurement is to statistically determine user
intensity and the number of users of a specific website. Individual users are
not identified at any point in time. Your identity is always protected. You
will not receive any advertising via the system.

For websites which are members of the IVW German Audit Bureau of Circulation
(Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von WerbetrÃ¤gern
e.V.,http://www.ivw.eu) [Information association to determine the distribution
of advertisers] or that participate in the study "Internet Facts" organised by
the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V. [Work Group Online
Research](AGOF -http://www.agof.de), user statistics are published monthly by
the AGOF and the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V. (agma
-http://www.agma-mmc.de), as well as the IVW and can beviewed at
http://www.agof.de, http://www.agma-mmc.de and http://www.ivw.eu.

In addition to the publication of measurement data, the IVW also regularly
checks the SZM process to ensure that it is used according to regulations and
in line with data protection.

You can find additional information about the SZM process on the website of
INFOline GmbH (https://www.infoline.de), the operators of the SZM process, as
well as the data protection website of AGOF (http://agof.de/datenschutz) and
the data protection website of IVW (http://www.ivw.eu).

You can object to the data processing by the SZM under the following link:
http://optout.ivwbox.de

## 5.Data security

5.1 At all times, InnoGames strives to take precautions, to a reasonable
extent, to prevent unauthorised access to your personal data as well as the
unauthorised use or falsification of theses data and to minimise the
corresponding risks. Nevertheless, the provision of personal data, wheter this
is done personally, by telephone or over the Internet, is always associated
with risks and no technological system is fully exempt from the possibility of
manipulation or sabotage.

5.2 InnoGames processes the data collected from you according to the German
Data Protection Law. All employees are obliged to comply with data secrecy and
the data protection provisions and are instructed accordingly. In the event of
payment transactions, your data is transferred encrypted through the use of
the SSL process.

## 6\. Passing personal data to third parties

6.1 InnoGames will in principle only pass your personal and/or billing-related
data to third parties, that is to partner companies, other companies
cooperating with InnoGames, external service providers and investigative
authorities as far as this is required to fulfil the agreement and for the
aforementioned purposes, in particular for payment processing as well as to
protect other users or as provided by law. Payment processing takes place via
external service providers (e.g. credit card companies, banks, PaySafe,
Wallie, Clickandbuy, Moneybookers, Paypal, Global Collect). Your protected
interests are considered according to the legal provisions. External service
providers are obliged to treat your data confidentially and securely and may
only use your data as far as this is required to fulfil their duties. We point
out that InnoGames may be obliged to pass data on the basis of legal
provisions (e.g. passing to investigative authorities). Data are only passed
as far as this is required or prescribed by law.

In the event of payment arrears, InnoGames will, if necessary, instruct a
collection company or a lawyer to collect the payable amount. The required
data are passed for this purpose and utilised in compliance with all data
protection guidelines.

6.2 In other instances, InnoGames will only pass your personal data which you
provided to InnoGames during the course of your registration and to process
your order if you have previously given your express approval.

## 7\. Changes

InnoGames can change these data protection provisions or change the content of
the page or change or block access to these pages at any time. InnoGames will
use suitable means to point out such changes.

## 8\. Option of revocation and data deletion

8.1 If you wish to revoke your approval to send information about the game or
the newsletter, please send an email to: privacy@innogames.com by stating your
user name and the email address to which the information and/or the newsletter
is being sent. Each of our newsletters contains a link which gives you the
oppportunity to revoke your approval and to cancel the newsletter.

8.2 At your request, InnoGames will immediately delete personal data, that is
data which include the user`s information about personal and factual
circumstances, unless mandatory obligations to preserve records or other
obligations contradict such a deletion.

## 9\. Questions on data protection and contact / information, correction,
deletion and blocking

You are always entitled to request information about any of your data that
InnoGames has stored, as well as their origin and recipient and the purpose it
was stored for. If you have any questions about data protection or if you wish
to correct, block or delete your profile or any of your personal data, or if
you would like to revoke a granted authorization regarding the use of your
customer data or e-mail address, please contact the following and also provide
your username and your e-mail address:

InnoGames GmbH  
FriesenstraÃe 13  
20097 Hamburg  
Germany

Fax: +49 40 7889335-200  
privacy@innogames.com

Status: March 2017  
Â© Copyright InnoGames 2009 â 2017. All rights reserved.

