  * Log InLog In
  * Register

Liquid`

TeamLiquidPro Liquipedia LiquidHearth LiquidDota LiquidLegends LiquidPoker

EDT 12:31  
CEST 18:31  
KST 01:31

  * Home
  * Forum 
  * Calendar
  * Streams
  * Liquipedia 
  * Features 
  * Store
  * WCS
  * Heroes of the Storm
  * TL+

  * 

  * StarCraft 2
  * Brood War
  * Smash
  * Heroes
  * Counter-Strike
  * Overwatch

  * Liquibet
  * Fantasy StarCraft
  * TLPD
  * BarCraft

  * StarCraft 2
  * Brood War
  * Blogs

Forum Sidebar

Events/Features

News

Featured News

[PiG Strategy Articles] 2-1-1 Terran Opening for All Matchups4[PiG Strategy
Articles] Beginner's Mech Opening7[HotS] First Impressions: D.Va9Korea Weekly
- May 28 - VSL is back!6[ASL3] Semifinals Preview- God Among Men13

Community News

Solar defeats ByuL 3-2 and advances to SSL Finals5Get to Know Your WCS
Challengers: Namshar42017 GSL Season 3 Qualifiers4HerO leaves Team
RevolutioN6ByuN moves on to Code S Ro8; Rogue upsets herO2ASL S3 Finals
Information12WCS Jönköping Full Player List19

StarCraft 2

General

Solar defeats ByuL 3-2 and advances to SSL Finals Get to Know Your WCS
Challengers: Namshar 2017 GSL Season 3 Qualifiers WCS Jönköping Full Player
List IEM Shanghai 2017 announced!

Tourneys

[SSL 2017] Premier Division - Postseason Match 2 Go4SC2 Europe Proxy Tempest
EU Opens [GSL Code S] Season 2 2017 Ro16 - Group C Tournament of Legends #3 by
Nxus

Fan Clubs

The herO Fan Club! soO Fan Club Zest Fan Club Rogue Fan Club!

Strategy

ZvP Ling drop into Ling bane hydra guide Practice Partner Thread Season 1 -
2017 I often gain macro advantage in TvT and then lose [G] TheCore Lite -
Advanced Keyboard Layout [PiG Strategy Articles] 2-1-1 Terran Opening for All
Matchups

Custom Maps

[M] (2) Mech Depot by IronManSC [M] (2) Emperor's Grasp [M] (2) Elsacaro [M]
(2) FTM Ancient Confines Simple Questions/Answers

Single Player

Mutation #55: Futile Resistance Mutation #54: Cold is the Void Fezvez's' Co-op
guide and hero review Mutation #53: Dead Heat Mutation #52: Delivery
Guaranteed

Brood War

General

[VODs] BroodWar Legacy 2001-2010 Afreeca Streams on MacOS Flash Stream Thread
[BW][Afreeca] Top 5 Players April 2017 Nal_Ra's first Forge FE [Guide] Watch
Afreeca SC/BW streams with VLC

Tourneys

Filthy BW Cup Weekly [SSL Classic] S1 Mind vs Soulkey [ASL3] 3rd/4th Place
Bisu vs Soulkey [ASL3] Ro4 Soulkey vs Flash The Coach Pupil League (CPL)

Strategy

TvP FS Nat Walls Simple Questions, Simple Answers [ZvT] Is 9pool burrow
viable? TvP - help a beginner New to Brood War

Other Games

Other Games

Persona 5 Final Fantasy XIV E3 2017 Thread Pokémon Go! FF7 remake for PS4
announced

CS:GO

Simple Questions, Simple Answers ESL Pro League S5 Finals ESL Pro League S5
Bracket Contest Playing on old beloved maps that dissappeared? TLGO at the EPL
Finals in Dallas

Smash Bros

Get On My Level 2017 - Canadian Smash National Mini-doc about Belgian scene
Smash 4 Thread Smash Bros. Melee General Discussion Smash Small VOD Thread

Heroes of the Storm

D.Va Patch General Discussion [HotS] First Impressions: D.Va Simple Questions,
Simple Answers Pro Team roster changes Hanamura in HotS: An Experiment Gone
Awry

Overwatch

General Discussion QQ / Rage thread Overwatch Contenders

LoL General

LoL Tournaments

LoL Strategy

Community

General

US Politics Mega-thread NASA and the Private Sector Ask and answer stupid
questions here! UK Politics Mega-thread European politico-economics QA mega
thread

Media &amp; Entertainment

Anime Discussion Korean Music Discussion Dragon Ball Super Discussion [Manga]
One Piece [Netflix] House of Cards

Sports

2016 - 2017 Football Thread NBA Finals 2017 2016-2017 NHL Season: Expansion
Draft Dodging NBA Playoffs 2017 Formula 1 - 2017

Tech Support

Simple Questions Simple Answers Computer Build, Upgrade &amp; Buying Resource
Thread Teamliquid Monitor Thread The Ultimate Mouse Thread Realtek audio
driver problems GA 990 FXA UD3

TL Community

Why is TL.net a friendly and welcoming place... The Automated Ban List What
games have you guys been playing recently? The Report Pie Charts Ask TL Staff
Anything

TL Mafia

[N] TL Mafia LXXV Newbie Student Mafia XXVI TL Mafia Community Thread Active
List of Mafia Games 2.0 TL Mafia Ban List 3.0

User Streams

[Stream] docholiday_tv Oo_Kenta_oO Stream [Stream] Makarimorph &lt;3! [STREAM]
gypsy (BW)

Blogs

Featured Blogs

rebinding hotkeys in broodwar

Endymion

Teeth Grinding? Headaches!?

CecilSunkure

Charcoal Girl and Painting Angel

Glider

Should we all stop eating?

Shady Sands

The Power of Having a Future

Chef

Regular Blogs

Sistar

mizenhauer

The Ty2 Blog: Part Animal Crossi…

Ty2

Peter Piper picked a peck…

EsX_Raptor

You don't lose when you fail…

docvoc

An Important Drama

FiveHundred

Free money from credit card ch…

KwarK

About what happened.

DeNikSSB

Visiting Korea in July

opisska

Customize Sidebar...

  
Website Feedback  
  
Closed Threads  
  
  
  
Active: 1609 users

# Privacy Policy

# Our Commitment To Privacy

Your privacy is important to us. We provide this policy to better protect you,
and to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make
about the way your information is collected and used.  
  
This privacy policy applies to all Team Liquid website properties, including
teamliquid.net, liquidhearth.com, liquiddota.com, liquidlegends.net,
teamliquidpro.com and any standalone partner websites that are made by us.  
  

## The Information We Collect

During user registration, we collect the following information:  
  
Username  
Email address (if provided)  
IP address  
Birthday (if provided)  
Country (if provided)  
  
The username you supply will be used as an identifier when posting content to
our website. An email address is required to register if signing up on our
website as your login details will be sent to it. Your email address will not
be publicly displayed on any part of the website, but it will be visible to
Team Liquid staff. Your IP address is recorded to monitor abuse resulting from
multiple registrations under the same IP address, spam bots, link farmers,
etc.  
  
If you choose to register using a 3rd party service, such as a social network,
that 3rd party will provide us with a unique identifier so that we may
identify you on future logins. We do not store your social media username or
any other details that may incidentally be provided to us when using social
media logins. Your social media username will be used only during the first
login in order to provide a recommended Team Liquid username.  
  
As part of our site features, we offer a forum and other features on which you
can freely post any text. If you choose to disclose personally identifying
information, be aware that Team Liquid is a public web site and anyone is able
to read your posts, so there is no expectation of privacy for user-generated
content. Where applicable, we will moderate any posts that violate US law in
regards to information disclosed about other individuals.  
  
The website features a private messaging system which allows you to send
message to other users on the website. The messages you exchange over the
private messaging system can only be read by the recipient user account or
Team Liquid administrators. The Team Liquid administrators will only access
private message details if they suspect the message might be spam /
advertising or otherwise malicious in nature, or if required to do so by law.
We cannot be responsible for any disclosure of private message contents by the
recipient.  
  
As an optional feature of the user profile page, you may upload an image such
as a photo of yourself. This image will be visible to other users through your
Team Liquid profile page. At any time, you can modify or delete this image
through your user profile settings.  
  
During your usage of the website, your browser will open connections and send
requests to our web server. The server will log each request with your IP
address, date and time, status code, browser version (user agent), HTTP
referrer and the resource requested.  
  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email
address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.  
  

## The Way We Use Information

We use the information you provide to better identify yourself to other users.
Your username and country can be viewed by anyone visiting our website. Your
username will identify you in any posts you make to the website forums.  
  
Your email address will never be shared with third parties for marketing,
spam, or promotional activities. We may use your email address to identify you
in moderation actions, for instance when a user creates multiple accounts and
uses them maliciously. Your email address will also be used to reset your
password, though if you lose access to that particular email, we can change it
or reset your password manually. From time to time, we may use your email
address to send low-volume important site announcements. If you do not wish to
receive these announcements, an opt-out link will be provided in each email
and you may disable the emails at any time through your profile settings.  
  
The web server logs are used to troubleshoot issues with the website and to
generate aggregate site statistics. Should we determine that a problem with
the site is being caused by a particular IP address, we may match the IP
address in the log files with registered user accounts in order to initiate
contact with the user causing problems.  
  
Except as where required by law, we will never use or share the personally
identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones
described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or
otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.  
  

## Use Of Cookies

We use a first party session cookie ("SID") to track your session across the
site. This cookie is temporary and is necessary for basic functionality of the
website such as maintaining your logged in status and providing security
against cross site request forgery. The cookie will be deleted automatically
when you close your browser. If you choose to log in to our site, we will set
a first party cookie ("tlnet") that remembers your username and password, so
on subsequent visits to our site you will remain logged in.  
  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by
Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files
placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website
(including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on
servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose
of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity
for website operators and providing other services relating to website
activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to
third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties
process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP
address with any other data held by Google.  
  
This website uses Google AdSense. AdSense uses cookies to help serve the ads
it displays on our websites that display AdSense ads or are participating in
Google certified ad networks. When you visit our websites, a cookie may be set
in your browser. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve
ads based on a user's prior visits to our website or other websites. Google's
use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you
based on your visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You may
opt out of personalized advertising from Google and other providers by
visiting aboutads.info.  
  
Cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve
ads on our site. These partners include Google AdSense, Google AdExchange,
Tribal Fusion and Sovrn. You may opt out of personalized advertising cookies
from these partners by visiting aboutads.info.  
  
By accepting cookies and using this website, you consent to the processing of
data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You
may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your
browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use
the full functionality of this website.  
  

## Data Security

Team Liquid runs on dedicated hosting servers which only a few trusted senior
site staff have access to. Our servers are located in professionally managed
and secure data centers in Canada and France.  
  

## Children's Privacy

We do not allow children under the age of 13 to use our website. As there is
user generated content, the site may be unsuitable for children.  
  

## How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information

You can access your country, birthday and email through your Team Liquid
profile page. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take
reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections on your behalf.  
  

## How To Contact Us

Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please talk to us by sending a Personal Message to any of the red named
Moderators or contacting us via the "Contact" link at the bottom of the page.  
  
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses
not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices
change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web
site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt
out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is
used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.

Live Events

WardiTV Weekly

11:30

S2 Finals - Group A

WardiTV203

RoX.KIS.Pomi 21

LiquipediaDiscussion

[ Submit Event ]  
  
Live Streams

StarCraft 2  

Sen 1274  
Lowko289  
mYi.Jjakji 137  
SortOf 128  
mouzHeroMarine 125  
Beastyqt 56  
RoX.KIS.Pomi 21  
BRAT_OK 0  

StarCraft: Brood War  

Larva 4540  
Bisu 3439  
Shuttle 1344  
Jaedong 1106  
BeSt 610  
Mind 441  
Stork 266  
hero 250  
Last 212  
Pusan 175  
[ Show more ]

EffOrt 145  
Rain 131  
Mong 63  
Free 63  
Nal_rA 48  
Mini 43  
sSak 40  
JangBi 40  
firebathero 39  
ggaemo 25  
Jaehoon 24  
GoRush 24  
Hyun 21  
IntoTheRainbow 20  
Sharp 13  
Movie 13  
Terrorterran 11  
Backho 9  
Lomo 7  
MisO 6  
Startale_Rainbow 1  

Heroes of the Storm  

Trikslyr793  

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive  

ceh92234  

Other Games  

QueenE373  
EG.iNcontroL63  
HTOMario10  

Organizations  

Other Games  

TaKeTV 10136  

StarCraft 2  

ESL.tv943  
BasetradeTV414  
OGamingTV SC2 322  

StarCraft: Brood War  

Classic BW VODs17  

Other Games  

RuN5  

[ Show 34 non-featured ]  

StarCraft 2  

• EmSc2Tv 307  
• theWalrusSC2 31  
• SpiderRex 27  
• OSRusher 11  
• StronGerSC2 5  
• WidoW_TheMasked_HerO 4  
• proxy_tempest3  
• 1F0CUS 2  
• PlayArcher 2  
• Graphix 1  
• Walkwithant 0  

StarCraft: Brood War  

• blackmanpl 25  
• sscaitournament7  
• Michael_bg 3  
• jello_biafra2  
• 404AlphaSquad 1  
• Zoudji 1  

Heroes of the Storm  

• Rodzyn5  

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive  

• EFRAG TV2587  
• ESL CS:GO721  

Other Games  

• Honor. 463  
• TorNis 271  
• Makarimorph191  
• WarLegend34  
• SwInD42028  
• alia13  
• rizeupgaming11  
• SuperJoe9  
• FureurSC2 9  
• jumpinspider6  
• TenshiSC26  
• kaluro4  
• AngelOfDeath_TV2  
• LTJ1  
  
  
Upcoming Events

Please Pause Live

29m

Go4SC2

29m

ESL ESEA Pro League

29m

SK Gaming vs mousesports

Team EnVyUs vs Team Liquid

Proxy Tempest

1h 29m

Proxy Tempest

7h 29m

VSL Individual League

17h 29m

Solar vs Leenock

ByuN vs Patience

KCM Legend Match

17h 29m

Kung Fu Cup

18h 29m

XiGua vs PiLiPiLi

Chick vs Major

TooDming vs Has

Nice vs Neeb

AfreecaTV Clan League

18h 29m

BaseTradeTV Misc.

20h 29m

[ Show More ]

WCS Regional Challengers

23h 29m

Filthy NA Cup

1d 1h

DankShrine

1d 5h

GSL Code S

1d 11h

soO vs Losira

Maru vs Dark

StarCraft II StarLeague

1d 20h

Classic vs Ryung

ByuN vs Dear

herO vs TY

WCS Regional Challengers

1d 23h

Polygon Invitational

1d 23h

Classic vs Ryung

ESL ESEA Pro League

2 days

G2 Esports vs TBD

North vs TBD

Starcraft League

2 days

Afreeca Starleague

2 days

Flash vs Shine

Go4SC2

2 days

PHIGHT CLUB

2 days

SC2 Americas Open

2 days

Showmatch

2 days

ESL ESEA Pro League

3 days

Kings of the North

3 days

Neeb vs MaSa

WCS Regional Challengers

5 days

WCS Regional Challengers

5 days

WCS Regional Challengers

6 days

WCS Regional Challengers

6 days  
  
Liquipedia Results

## Completed

Filthy BW Cup Weekly #7

TL.net Fight Club

Have At You! #5

## Ongoing

Afreeca Starleague Season 3

SSL Classic Season 1

AfreecaTV Clan League

2017 StarCraft II StarLeague Season 1

SSL S1 Premier

SSL S1 Challenge

2017 Global StarCraft II League Season 2

2017 WCS Valencia - Europe

2017 WCS Valencia - Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Japan Qualifier

ECS Season 3 - North America

ECS Season 3 - Europe

ESL Pro League Season 5 Finals

Asia Minor Championship

## Upcoming

KOTN Verus

2017 VSL Season 2 - Individual League

Copa América 2017 Season 3

2017 WCS Valencia - North America

2017 WCS Valencia - Oceania, SEA Qualifier

Game Land Invitational

2017 WCS Jönköping

2017 WCS Valencia

2017 HGC Mid-Season Brawl

2017 HGC Phase 2 Pro EU

2017 HGC Phase 2 Pro NA

DreamHack Summer 2017

Snosa III

CEO 2017

2GGC: Nairo Saga

Battle of BC 2

Smash 'N' Splash 3

Americas Minor Championship

CIS Minor Championship

Europe Minor Championship

ZEN League Season 1 Finals

DreamHack Summer 2017

ECS Season 3 - Finals

TLPD  
SC2 (HotS Global) SC2 (WoL International) SC2 (WoL Korea) BW (International)
BW (Korea) BW (Korean Amateur)

1\.  ByuN  
2\.  TY  
3\.  Dark  
4\.  Solar  
5\.  Stats  

6\.  Nerchio  
7\.  soO  
8\.  INnoVation  
9\.  Elazer  
10\.  Maru  

1\.  Last  
2\.  Flash  
3\.  ZerO  
4\.  Bisu  

5\.  Sea  
6\.  EffOrt  
7\.  Rain  
8\.  by.hero  
  
  
Sidebar Settings...  
  

  
  

Advertising | Jobs | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use | Logo &amp; Style Guide |
Contact Us  
  
Original banner artwork: Jim Warren  
The contents of this webpage are copyright (C) 2017 Team Liquid. All Rights
Reserved.

