OANDA uses cookies to make our websites easy to use and customized to our
visitors. Cookies cannot be used to identify you personally. By visiting our
website you consent to OANDA's use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy
Policy. To block, delete or manage cookies, please visit aboutcookies.org.
Restricting cookies will prevent you benefiting from some of the functionality
of our website.

EN

  * Sign in
  * Open an account

  * Sign in
  * Open an account
  *   * 

  *   * Trading
    * Trading Overview
    * Why OANDA
    * Markets
    * Platforms
    * Tools
    * Analysis
    * Learn
  * Currency Converter
    * Converter
    * Tools
    * Mobile
    * Live Rates
    * Historical Rates
    * Embed Converter
    * Help
  * Money Transfer
  * Solutions For Business
    * FX for Business Overview
    * Exchange Rates API
    * Corporate FX Payments
    * Historical Currency Converter
    * Contact us
    * Blog
  * Resources
    * Resources Overview
    * Legal
    * Support
    * News
    * Contact Us

### Download our Mobile Apps

  * Currency Converter App
  * Forex Trade App

Home &gt; Resources OANDA &gt; Regulatory and Financial Compliance &gt; OANDA
United States Legal Documents &gt; Legal &gt; Privacy Policy

## Sign In

  * FXTrade FXTrade Practice
  * Money Transfer
  * Exchange Rates API Historical Converter

## Open an Account

  * Live Trading Account Demo Trading Account Corporate Trading Account
  * Money Transfer
  * Exchange Rates API Historical Converter

##

# OANDA CORPORATION  
Privacy Policy

## A. Policy Statement

OANDA Corporation respects customer privacy and is committed to protecting it.
Customers can visit most pages on the OANDA website and mobile applications
--and use all of the currency tools located on our site--without identifying
themselves or providing any personal or financial information. However, if a
customer wishes to open an fxTrade account, the law requires the customer to
provide OANDA with certain non-public personal and financial information
(referred to as "Personal Information"). The purpose of OANDA's Privacy Policy
is to explain OANDA's privacy policy and practices and how customer Personal
Information is collected, used, disclosed and maintained.

## B. Categories of Personal Information OANDA Collects

OANDA collects Personal Information about our customers from the following
sources:

  * Account Application Forms and other documents and data submitted by customers, such as customer name, residential address, government issued ID numbers (such as social security numbers), date of birth, employment information, investment experience, annual income, and estimated net worth;
  * Customer Transactions with OANDA such as account deposits and withdrawals that require customers to provide bank account information;
  * Consumer Reports and other information OANDA receives from third party agencies; 
  * Communications with OANDA customer service representatives; and
  * "Cookies" described in section J below.

OANDA will not collect more Personal Information than is required to open and
operate customers' accounts, and to comply with regulatory obligations.

## C. How OANDA Uses Customer Personal Information

OANDA may use Personal Information as necessary to:

  * positively identify and determine eligibility of customers opening accounts;
  * evaluate whether currency trading is suitable for each customer;
  * complete bank deposits and withdrawals,
  * effect, administer or enforce transactions requested or authorized by the customer, and
  * maintain or service the customer's account with OANDA.

Personal Information collected online may be combined with other information
customers provide to OANDA in hard copy or through the OANDA help desk. OANDA
will not use or disclose or sell, rent or lease any Personal Information about
its customers or former customers to any third parties except as stated in
this Policy. Personal Information may be transferred across national borders
for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and customer data management.

## D. Disclosure of Customer Personal Information

OANDA may disclose Personal Information of current and former customers to
affiliated and non-affiliated third party entities in the following cases:

  * to OANDA's business partners that perform services on OANDA's behalf under written agreements which restrict use of Personal Information to the limited purposes for which it is provided to them and to refrain from further use or disclosure except as permitted by law;
  * to OANDA affiliates, who are permitted to disclose and use the information only to the extent that OANDA may disclose and use the information under this Policy;
  * in the ordinary course of business to OANDA's attorneys, accountants and auditors;
  * to persons holding a legal or beneficial interest relating to the customer's account;
  * to persons acting in a fiduciary, representative, or attorney capacity in relation to an account;
  * to protect against actual or potential fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims or other liability;
  * to government, regulatory or law enforcement agencies to the extent permitted or required by law, or to comply with applicable legal requirements; or
  * to comply with civil, criminal or regulatory investigations, or judicial process, subpoena, summons or warrant by federal, state or local authorities.

## E. Permission to Disclose Personal Information

Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, OANDA will not share Personal
Information about any present or former customer with any non-affiliated third
party without the customer's prior written consent or providing the customer
with a clear notice, an opportunity to "opt out" of that disclosure, and
information on how to opt out.

## F. Procedures to Safeguard Personal Information

OANDA has implemented procedures to safeguard customer Personal Information.
OANDA restricts access to Personal Information to those OANDA employees who
need to know that information in order to provide our products or services to
them. OANDA maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to
safeguard Personal Information. OANDA protects customer account information by
keeping it on the secure portion of its website, using firewalls and other
security technology to protect its network and systems from external attacks,
and by requiring customers to enter a unique user ID and password to access
the fxTrade and fxTrade Practice systems. OANDA conducts periodic internal
audits of its business practices and procedures, examining its confidentiality
standards and information access, in order to best protect our customers'
Personal Information.

## G. Retention of Personal Information

OANDA only keeps Personal Information on file for as long as it is required to
provide customers with products and services, and to meet legal requirements.
When OANDA no longer needs the Personal Information, it is either destroyed or
made anonymous.

## H. Accuracy

OANDA attempts to ensure the accuracy of the Personal Information collected.
OANDA records the dates when Personal Information was obtained from customers
and will periodically ask customers to review the Personal Information OANDA
has on file and to update any Personal Information that may have changed.

## I. Customer Recourse

Any concerns a customer may have regarding OANDA's privacy practices or
specific complaints about how customer Personal Information has been
collected, used or disclosed should be forwarded in writing to OANDA's Privacy
Officer. OANDA will thoroughly investigate the complaint and will take
whatever actions are warranted and notify the customer once this has been
done.

## J. Cookies

OANDA uses cookies and other tracking mechanisms to: (i) facilitate customer
use of our website and mobile applications, (ii) enable customization of our
online services and website features, (iii) avoid customer re-entry of data,
(iv) store customer preferences for certain kinds of information, and (v)
gather data about usage of our website and mobile applications for research
and promotions. OANDA uses cookies from third party service providers to
facilitate website tracking. Cookies stored on customers' web browsers by
OANDA cannot be read by, and are not shared with, any third parties. Customers
can configure their browser preferences not to accept these cookies.  
  
Some third-party vendors that provide ads on OANDA web pages may use cookies
to collect details on customer website visits and other data (but not names,
addresses, email addresses, or telephone numbers) in order to provide ads
about goods and services of particular interest to individual customers. For
more information on this practice or to opt out, customers can visit the
Network Advertising Initiative site at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or, in the case of
Google's DoubleClick DART cookie, by visiting the Google ad and content
network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.

## K. Links to non-OANDA websites

  
The OANDA website may provide links to third-party websites for customer
convenience and information. If customers decide to access those links, they
will leave the OANDA website. OANDA does not control those third-party sites
or their privacy practices, which may differ from OANDA's. OANDA does not
endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. Any Personal
Information customers choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered
by OANDA's privacy policy. Customers should review the privacy policy of any
third-party website before submitting Personal Information. Some third-party
companies may choose to share their personal data with OANDA. That sharing is
governed by the disclosing company's privacy policy.

## L. Sharing Information with Our Affiliates

OANDA may share personal information described above with OANDA's affiliates
for business purposes, such as, but not limited to, servicing customer
accounts and informing customers about new products and services. OANDA's
affiliates may include companies controlled or owned by us as well as
companies that have an ownership interest in OANDA. The information we share
with affiliates may include any of the information described above, such as
your name, address, trading and account information. OANDA's affiliates
maintain the privacy of your information to the same extent OANDA does in
accordance with this Policy.

## M. Notification of Privacy Policy and Policy Changes

OANDA provides an initial notice of its Privacy Policy to customers at the
time it establishes a customer relationship, and at least annually thereafter,
and the Privacy Policy is posted on its website. Updates will be posted on the
OANDA website, so our customers will always know what information we collect,
how we use it, and what choices they have.

## N. Contact Us

OANDA values its customers' opinions. If customers have comments or questions
about OANDA's Privacy Policy, they are invited to contact OANDA at:

Email: privacyoffice@oanda.com

Regular Mail: OANDA Privacy Mailbox, 46th Floor, 140 Broadway, New York, NY
10005, U.S.A.

  

  

  * Home
  * Contact Us
  * Press Room
  * Careers
  * Support

  * Trading
  * Forex &amp; CFD
  * Trading Markets
  * CFD Trading
  * Forex Trading
  * Online Trading Platforms
  * Metatrader 4 Platform
  * Learn Forex &amp; CFD
  * Live Forex &amp; CFD Rates
  * Trading News &amp; Market Analysis

  * Currency
  * Currency Converter
  * Live Rates
  * Historical Rates

  * Solutions For Business
  * Historical Currency Converter
  * Exchange Rates API

  * Money Transfer
  * Sign Up

(C) 1996 - 2017 OANDA Corporation. All rights reserved. "OANDA", "fxTrade" and
OANDA's "fx" family of trademarks are owned by OANDA Corporation. All other
trademarks appearing on this Website are the property of their respective
owners.

Leveraged trading in foreign currency contracts or other off-exchange products
on margin carries a high level of risk and may not be suitable for everyone.
We advise you to carefully consider whether trading is appropriate for you in
light of your personal circumstances. You may lose more than you invest.
Information on this website is general in nature. We recommend that you seek
independent financial advice and ensure you fully understand the risks
involved before trading. Trading through an online platform carries additional
risks. Refer to our legal section here.

Financial spread betting is only available to OANDA Europe Ltd customers who
reside in the UK or Republic of Ireland. CFDs, MT4 hedging capabilities and
leverage ratios exceeding 50:1 are not available to US residents. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of countries where its
distribution, or use by any person, would be contrary to local law or
regulation.

  * OANDA Corporation is a registered Futures Commission Merchant and Retail Foreign Exchange Dealer with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and is a member of the National Futures Association. No: 0325821. Please refer to the NFA's FOREX INVESTOR ALERT where appropriate.

  * OANDA (Canada) Corporation ULC accounts are available to anyone with a Canadian bank account. OANDA (Canada) Corporation ULC is regulated by the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada  (IIROC), which includes IIROC's online advisor check database (IIROC AdvisorReport), and customer accounts are protected by the Canadian Investor Protection Fund within specified limits. A brochure describing the nature and limits of coverage is available upon request or at www.cipf.ca.

  * OANDA Europe Limited is a company registered in England number 7110087, and has its registered office at Floor 9a, Tower 42, 25 Old Broad St, London EC2N 1HQ. It is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, No: 542574.

  * OANDA Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (Co. Reg. No 200704926K) holds a Capital Markets Services Licence issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is also licenced by the International Enterprise Singapore.

  * OANDA Australia Pty Ltd is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC (ABN 26 152 088 349, AFSL No. 412981) and is the issuer of the products and/or services on this website. It's important for you to consider the current Financial Service Guide (FSG), Product Disclosure Statement ('PDS'), Account Terms and any other relevant OANDA documents before making any financial investment decisions. These documents can be found here.

  * OANDA Japan Co., Ltd. First Type I Financial Instruments Business Director of the Kanto Local Financial Bureau (Kin-sho) No. 2137 Institute Financial Futures Association subscriber number 1571.

sitemap privacy policy terms of use

Trading FX and/or CFDs on margin is high risk and not suitable for everyone.
Losses can exceed investment.

