Skip to content

  * FAQ and contact 

  * Newsletter 
  * Corporate customers 
  * airberlin group 
  * english  english

Select market

USA

Select language

english

If you choose this option, you will be directed to the homepage of the country
selected.

Continue

  * Book

    * Flights

      * Book flightsGlobal destinations, just a click away Flight offersFind the most attractive price for your flight Flight vouchersThe perfect gift for people who desire to get up and go Group trips, special flights, and eventsGroup bookings from 10 people, request charter flights and events
    * Inspiration

      * All flight destinationsDiscover the world of airberlin, get interesting information about your travel destination here Flights to New York Discover the Big Apple - Here you will find useful tips for your flight to NYC Flights to BerlinAs multifaceted as the German capital - The best travel tips for Berlin Flights to DusseldorfMedia city with focus on fashion and shopping 
    * Flight & hotel

      * City toursStay 3 nights, pay 2 nights, save up to 30% with airberlin holidays. Beach holidaysCheap and safety-certified (TÜV), airberlin holidays promise quality for an attractive price
    * Partners

      * Rental Car offersRental Car offersby airberlin Premium Partners HotelTop offers for your stay from our partner HRS Travel insuranceInsurance for your flight - easy and secure Rail & FlyStress-free travel to your flight by train

  * Services

    * Booking services

      * My bookingShow, edit or change your flight without any fuss Package holidaysAs a tour operator customer, you can book extra services here
    * Additional services

      * Seat reservationReserve your favourite seat up until 4 hours before departure  Sports equipment and special baggageRegister your sports equipment or special baggage even after you've booked; up until 30 hours before departure Service cardExtra baggage allowance and free seat reservation with the topbonus Service Card
      * Excess/extra baggageRegister your excess baggage or an additional item of baggage here PetsYou can find further information on bringing your four-legged friend on board here
    * Check-in

      * Web check-inCheck in from anywhere - until up to 45 minutes before departure Check-in informationAt the airport and online

  * Information

    * On ground and on board

      * Travel baggageAll information related to your baggage On-board servicesFrom seat comfort to catering – all via our service classes Family and childrenSpecial service for young and old Accessible flyingInformation and additional services for passengers with limited mobility App and mobile siteOur apps and on-board internet
      * Business travelInformation about your business trip and valuable tips FleetInformation about airberlin's aircraft Travel informationUp-to-date flight information, download a free travel guide, and important entry requirements Fare overviewAll fares at a glance Etihad AirwaysFlying to over 350 destinations together worldwide
      * oneworld and Airline PartnersExclusive benefits - all about our partnerships Reduced Mobility Assistance for flights to/from the U.S.Information about services for passengers with special needs travelling to/from the U.S. Customer Service PlanFor flights to and from the United States Tarmac Delay RulesOur contingency plan that will apply to lengthy tarmac delays experienced at U.S. airports
    * Flight information

      * Arrivals and departuresReal-time arrivals and departures by airberlin and NIKI Route network and scheduleAll connections by airberlin and its partner airlines to help you plan your trip All airportsAll information about the airberlin airports Newsletter & social mediaNever miss a deal with our newsletter and on Facebook Etihad AirwaysFlying to over 350 destinations together worldwide

  * topbonus

    * Programme

      * Programme and new registrationRegister now - every mile counts Your benefitsStatus benefits and services for mile collectors and frequent flyers
    * Miles

      * Collect milesCollect while flying, on holiday, and in daily life Redeem milesBook reward flights and Business Class upgrades Buy milesBuy topbonus award miles for immediate use
    * Our Partners

      * topbonus partnersBenefit from over 200 partners worldwide Credit cardCollect miles with every transaction News & OffersUp-to-date mile offers and updates at a glance
    * Service

      * My bookingsSee an overview of your bookings at airberlin.com Login / ProfileHere you can see your information and miles status

Log-in

Log-in

Log-in

Username / topbonus card number

Password

forgotten password ?

Log-in

Your benefits from airberlin.com&amp; topbonus

  * Simply login and book at your leisure
  * Manage bookings in your profile
  * Collect miles for free flights and status benefits with topbonus

  
Are you not yet collecting miles?

Register now free  
of charge »

* * *

# Privacy and data protection

# Information on cookies

# Conditions of use

# Conditions of use

Dear user, these conditions of use apply to all the websites operated by Air
Berlin PLC &amp; Co. Luftverkehrs KG (airberlin), particularly
www.airberlin.com, and any subpages and presentation excerpts of the airberlin
websites (hereinafter referred to jointly as the "airberlin websites"). Please
note that by using the airberlin websites you are declaring that you agree to
these conditions of use. We therefore ask you to carefully read them. Please
also take note of our information on the use of cookies » and our privacy
policy ».

  1. General provisions  
  
airberlin maintains the airberlin websites so that it can offer you the
possibility of checking the flights it offers and conclude transportation
contracts, as well as to explain to you related additional services and
offers. The websites also enable you to find out about current developments
and offers, use the airberlin online services, such as the Web Check-In, and
learn about our partners' offers. In connection with the conclusion of
contracts via the airberlin websites, additional terms and conditions may
apply (e.g. the General Transportation Conditions, the Campaign Conditions,
the Competition Conditions or other terms and conditions), of which you will
be informed in each individual case. Partner products will only be promoted
through the airberlin websites and will be marked as such. A contract
concerning such products will arise exclusively with the partner offering that
product.  


  2. Use and protective rights  
    
Please note that the airberlin websites can only be used in accordance with
the provisions of law and these conditions of use for the airberlin websites
and only for the purposes specified above. In particular:  
    

    * All texts, photographs, graphics and audio, video or animation files and their layout (together with the underlying software codes) on the airberlin websites are subject to the protection of copyright law and/or other protective rights. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, they may only be used without the written permission of airberlin for the purposes specified in these conditions or for the purposes specified in the text on the airberlin websites.
    * You are not permitted to use the airberlin websites in a manner which may infringe the intellectual property rights of airberlin or third parties. In particular, you are not permitted to use any mechanisms or scripts that could disrupt or restrict the functionalities of the airberlin website.
    * It is explicitly prohibited to distribute, extract or otherwise alter, transfer, re-utilise, re-provide or use (including but not limited to through the use of "robots" or other mechanisms) content of the airberlin websites (including the booking mask, text, images or audio or video files) for public or commercial purposes. airberlin provides no guarantee that the material presented on the airberlin websites does not infringe any third-party rights.  


  3. Exclusion of liability  
    
The airberlin websites only constitute a non-binding information service.
airberlin makes every effort to ensure that the information on the airberlin
websites is accurate and up to date. However, it provides no assurances or
warranty and accepts no liability of any kind, either explicit or by
implication, unless it is based on wilful misconduct or gross negligence on
the part of airberlin, for the correctness of the information provided. This
also applies to the currency, correctness and completeness of information
provided by third parties (including hire care, hotel or tour operator
partners). airberlin explicitly excludes any liability for damage which
directly or indirectly results from the use of the airberlin websites, unless
it results from wilful misconduct or gross negligence on airberlin's part.  
  
  4. Links to websites of other providers  
    
The airberlin websites may contain links to websites of other providers.
airberlin accepts no liability for the content of linked or listed websites
which are operated by other providers. Any use of those websites is
exclusively at your own risk.  


  5. Data security and system requirements  
     
airberlin uses the SSL technology (Secure Socket Layer, SSL) to ensure the
security of credit card information in connection with the booking and payment
of flight and additional services. This type of encryption is a recognised
method for the secure transfer of credit card information and other
confidential data over the Internet. Please note that for this purpose your
browser must support the SSL technology. For optimum rendering of the
airberlin websites you will need Javascript and Macromedia Flash version 10 or
later.  


  6. Changes to the airberlin websites and these conditions of use  
     
airberlin reserves the right to withdraw, restrict or change the services and
information made available to you on the airberlin websites without advance
notice and at its free discretion. This includes the right to carry out
improvements or changes to the information, services, products or other
materials on the airberlin websites at any time, without advance notice. The
same applies to changes to these conditions of use.  
    
As at 1 October 2014

Our airline partners

  *   *   * 

Reasons for booking on airberlin.com

    Quickly and easily add optional extras to your booking, rebook, or cancel your flight online.

    Because you can hold a fare for 72 hours to give yourself some time for travel planning.

    Because you collect topbonus miles with every booking and receive an award flight after just 7,500 miles.

Payment methods

airberlin newsletter

Subscribe to our newsletter and never miss any special fare

email

Register now

  * YouTube
  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Instagram

#### Reservation hotline

Available 24 hours a day

917 26 13 165 (local rate)*

  * Legal information 
  * Terms & Conditions 
  * Privacy 
  * Optional Charges 
  * Conditions of use 
  * Affiliate 
  * Flight Destinations 
  * Agency Login 
  * Career 
  * Advertising Media 

Top destinations

Germany

Berlin  
Dusseldorf  
Munich  
Stuttgart  
Hamburg  
Cologne  
Nuremberg

Europa:

Mallorca  
Vienna  
Zurich  
Madrid  
Barcelona  
Stockholm  
Rome

Worldwide:

USA  
New York  
Chicago  
Miami  
San Francisco  
Cuba  
Curacao

Top routes

inner-german:

Berlin - Dusseldorf  
Berlin - Munich  
Berlin- Frankfurt  
Cologne - Berlin  
Hamburg - Munich  
Dusseldorf - Berlin  
Dusseldorf - Munich

medium-range:

Dusseldorf - Mallorca  
Berlin - Zurich  
Dusseldorf - Vienna  
Berlin - Stockholm  
Berlin - Mallorca  
Hamburg - Mallorca  
Munich - Mallorca

long haul:

Dusseldorf - New York  
Dusseldorf - Miami  
Dusseldorf - Los Angeles  
New York - Berlin  
Dusseldorf - Boston  
Chicago - Berlin

