Trusted Shops - The safe way to web shopping Trusted Shops - The safe way to
web shopping

  * Login
  * Features
  * Support
  * References
  * More

Shop finder Login

  
  
  
  

## Data protection

  
Thank you for visiting our website http://www.trustedshops.eu. Protection of
your privacy is very important to us.  
  
Below you will find extensive information about how we handle your data.  
  
  

Visiting this website

Cookies

Web analytics tools

Contact form

Subscribing to the newsletter  
Subscribing for the Trusted Shops warranty  
Subscribing to rating reminder  
Leaving a rating

Shopper profile  
Facebook Social Login

Membership registration  

Transfer of data to third parties as part of the membership registration
process

Apply for a job at Trusted Shops  
General information  

Protection of your data against misuse

Correction, blocking and deletion of your data

Data Protection Officer

  

## Visiting this website

You may visit our website without revealing any personal information. We
collect only access data in the so-called server log files, such as e.g. name
of the requested file, IP address, date and time of the processing request,
volume of data transmitted, and the requesting provider. These data will be
used exclusively to ensure a smooth operation of the website and analysed for
the purpose of improving our website and then deleted. They do not allow us to
identify you.

### Cookies

To improve the user experience on our website and enable you to use its
certain features, some pages of this website use the so-called cookies. A
cookie is a small text file stored in your web browser while browsing it,
which records certain settings and entered information to share it with our
system through your browser.

Some of the cookies we use are deleted after you close the browser session,
i.e. when you close the browser (that’s the so-called session cookies). Other
cookies are stored in your end-user device and enable us to recognise your
browser when you visit us again (persistent cookies).

Cookies do not collect any personal data and thus, they do not identify you as
an individual user. Please note that some cookies are created as soon as you
come to our website. You can configure your browser for it to inform you
whenever a page uses cookies and decide on a case-by-case basis whether to
accept or reject the cookies on a given page or generally. Please note that
disabling cookies may limit your access to some features of our website.

Below we present information on cookies we use and how you can customise your
browser in that respect.

1\. Necessary cookies

These cookies are necessary to enable you to use our website. This includes
e.g. cookies that enable you to log into the customer area or add items to
your shopping cart.

2\. Analytical / performance cookies

These cookies enable collecting anonymised data about user behaviour on our
website. We analyse them e.g. to improve the functionality of our website and
recommend you products that will be interesting to you.

3\. Functionality cookies

These cookies are used for certain features of our website, e.g. to improve
the website’s navigation, or deliver to you customised and relevant
information (e.g. ads that match your interests).

4\. Targeting cookies

These cookies record information about your visit to the website, previously
viewed pages and links you clicked. We use this information to tailor our
website and displayed ads to your interests.

5\. Third-party cookies

The cookies of some of our advertising providers help make the on-line
offering and our website more attractive to you. Therefore, cookies of our
partner providers are also saved to your hard disk when you are visiting our
website. These are temporary cookies and are automatically deleted after a
specific timeframe. As a rule, cookies of our partner providers are deleted a
few days or up to 24 months later, or in some cases after several years.
Cookies of our partner providers do not collect personal data, either. They
will collect exclusively pseudonymised data under a user ID. These
pseudonymised data will not be associated with your personal data at any time.

How can I change cookie settings in my browser?

Every browser has a different policy for managing the cookie settings. The
browser’s policy is described in the Help menu of every browser and explains
how you can change your cookie settings. To find out how to change the
settings in your browser, see the links below:

Internet Explorer™: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows-vista/Block-or-
allow-cookies

Safari™:
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?viewlocale=en_US&amp;locale=de_DE

Chrome™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&amp;hlrm=en

Firefox™ https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-
website-preferences

Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html

Google Double Click Cookie

In connection with the use of Google Analytics, Google uses the so-called
Double Click cookies which enable recognising your browser whenever you visit
other websites. The information generated by cookies about your visit of this
website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United
States. As IP anonymization is enabled on this website, some parts of the IP
address will be masked within the area of member states of the European Union
or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before
sending. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google
server in the USA and masked there. Google will not associate your anonymised
IP address, transmitted from your browser through Google Analytics, with any
other data held by Google.

Google will use this information to analyse how you use the website and tailor
ads to be displayed to you, to compile reports about your website activities
and ads for advertising providers and to provide other services related to the
use of the website and the Internet. In addition, Google may transfer this
information to third parties from time to time if this is required by the law
or if third parties process such data by order of Google. Google will however
not associate your IP address with any of other data held by Google.

You may disable cookies used by Google; for this purpose, go to Google ads
settings. Alternatively, you may disable third-party cookies; for this
purpose, go to the opt-out page of the network advertising initiative. You may
also disable installation of cookies by making appropriate settings in your
browser; please note that in this case not all website features may be fully
accessible to you. For more information on Google privacy policy click here.

Google Tag Manager

To manage the interest- or location-based advertising services, we also use
Google Tag Manager. The Tag Manager tool alone is a domain that does not use
cookies and does not record any personal data. It is rather that the tool
enables firing other tags which then record data from time to time (for more
information, see above). If you disable a tag on the domain or cookie level,
all tracking tags implemented within Google Tag Manager will be disabled.

### Web analytics tools

This website uses web analytics tools to deliver custom content and ads.

Using Optimizely for A/B and Multivariate Testing

This website uses Optimizely, a web analytics tool by Optimizely Inc. The tool
is used for A/B and multivariate testing. Optimizely uses cookies to recognise
the website user and to analyse the use of the website.

The information generated by cookies about your use of this website will be
transmitted to and stored by Optimizely on servers in the United States.
Because IP anonymisation is enabled on this website, some parts of your IP
address will be masked by Optimizely within the area of member states of the
European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic
Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to an Optimizely
server in the USA and masked there.You may disable installation of cookies by
making appropriate settings in your browser; please note that in this case not
all website features may be fully accessible to you.]

You may disable the Optimizely tracking at any time; for this purpose follow
the instructions on http://www.optimizely.com/opt_out.

Using Google Analytics for web analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics tool by Google Inc.
(www.google.de). Google Analytics uses cookies to enable analysing the use of
the website.

The information generated by cookies about your use of this website will be
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

If IP anonymisation is enabled on this website, some parts of the IP address
will be masked within the area of member states of the European Union or other
parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before sending. Only in
exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the USA
and masked there. Google will not associate your anonymised IP address,
transmitted from your browser through Google Analytics, with any other data
held by Google.

Upon instruction from the owner of this website, Google will use information
to analyse the use of the website, to compile reports about your website
activities and ads and to provide to us other services related to the use of
the website and the Internet. Google will not associate your anonymised IP
address, transmitted from your browser through Google Analytics, with any
other data held by Google.

You may disable the saving of cookies by making appropriate settings in your
browser; please note that in this case not all website features may be fully
accessible to you.

In addition, you may prevent the data generated by cookies and related to your
usage of this website (incl. your IP address) from being recorded and
processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in
available through the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

Alternatively to the browser plugin, you may click this link to prevent Google
Analytics from recording your data on this website in the future. In this
process, an opt-out cookie will be stored on your end-user device. If you
clear your cookies, you will have to click the link again.

### Contact form

Your personal data will be collected if you voluntarily supply them to us when
contacting us or during the registration for our services. We use your data
solely to be able to offer you the information and services you request, which
means that we will store and process only the data and information that are
absolutely necessary to respond to your enquiry or execute an agreement.

If you contact us but did not sign a membership agreement, we will delete your
data from our customer database if you request us to.

## Subscribing to the newsletter

If you subscribe to one of our newsletters, we will use the data you supply
with your express consent to send you our newsletter. You must provide your
e-mail address, all other information is voluntary. The newsletter includes
the latest posts and offers of Trusted Shops GmbH and third-party providers.
You may cancel your subscription at any time.

If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will pass your data necessary for the
sending of the newsletter to a service provider who will be commissioned to
handle the mailing of the newsletters to subscribers.

## Subscribing for the Trusted Shops warranty

To register you for the Trusted Shops warranty, we will need your email
address, total purchase price, the selected payment method, purchase order
number, your customer number (if you have one) and the name of the online shop
from which you ordered the product.

Your data will be used to enable us to ensure that your purchase order comes
with a warranty and to enable you to use the Trusted Shops system. With the
Trusted Shops system you may view your active and expired warranties, request
a refund and rate your purchase orders. In this process, your e-mail address
is the username you use to sign in to the Trusted Shops system and will be
permanently stored for this purpose.

Only if you want to make use of the warranty will we need additional
information and personal data to check and process your request for a refund.
In the process of registering your claim for a refund, we will collect your
name, street address, telephone number, where appropriate, and your bank
account number to make the refund. We will use these data solely for the
purpose of handling your refund claim. After that, the data will be blocked
from further use and finally deleted once all retention periods under
commercial and tax law expire.

## Subscribing to rating reminder

If, during or after placing your order, you grant an express consent to
receiving email reminders by ticking an appropriate checkbox or clicking an
appropriate button (e.g. “Rate later”), your email address will be transferred
to Trusted Shops so that we can send you email reminders about rating your
purchase order using the Trusted Shops customer rating service. Other data
that may be transferred includes shop URL, purchase order number and names and
numbers of items you ordered, so that you can rate a transaction after
finalisation, provided that the product rating feature is available for the
ordered product. You may withdraw your consent to receiving email reminders at
any time, with effect on your future orders.

If you subscribe to the automated rating reminder service, you will be
automatically receiving email reminders about rating a transaction after every
purchase from the Trusted Shops members. On your every visit, you will be
recognised based on anonymised data. You may withdraw your consent to
receiving email reminders at any time, with effect on your future orders.

## Leaving a rating

If you leave a rating through the Trusted Shops rating system, without having
previously made use of a Trusted Shops warranty, we will need your e-mail
address to ensure that your rating is valid and reliable. The e-mail address
will be used for the purpose of checking whether the person who leaves the
rating is a customer of the online shop being rated and whether the rating can
be verifiably attributed to a purchase order; to that end, the email address
will be stored together with the purchase order number and the rating. If you
rate a product, we will also store the names and numbers of the products
ordered under your email address.

In addition, we will use your email address to enable you to use the Trusted
Shops system. In the Trusted Shops system, you may view (and change, if
needed) your other ratings of shops and/or products, view your active and
expired warranties (as long as warranty agreements were concluded under that
email address), claim refunds, if any, and rate the concluded transactions. In
this process, your e-mail address is the username you use to sign in to the
Trusted Shops system and will be permanently stored for this purpose.

In order to ensure security of the rating system, prevent false or incorrect
ratings and enable smooth and proper operation of the rating system, we will
also collect information about your IP address the moment you post your
rating. It will be stored for up to 7 days in reference with the rating and
then deleted.

### Shopper Profile

In addition, you may personalize your ratings by providing more detailed
personal information when posting your rating or by entering more detailed
personal information into the Trusted Shops system. Thus, we will be able to
display your ratings with that additional information, whereas some of your
information will be displayed only with some of its parts being masked to
protect your privacy. The public will be able to view a summary of all your
ratings left so far. Your email address will be never published, though. You
may delete your personal data at any time; to that end, sign into the Trusted
Shop system and clear the relevant fields. There, you may also make
appropriate settings to hide your profile from the public view.  
  
Facebook Social Login

You have the option of linking your Trusted Shops membership account for
buyers with your Facebook account. In this case, you only have to authenticate
yourself on Facebook in future using your login data to be automatically
logged into your Trusted Shops membership account for buyers.

Upon linking the accounts for the first time, you will be asked to give your
consent for the following data to be transmitted to Trusted Shops: E-mail
address, name, profile photo, age bracket (e.g. 35-39), language, country and
other data, which you have set in your Facebook profile as visible to all.

The data that Trusted Shops receives from Facebook will be used to help you
design your shopper profile. Upon linking the accounts for the first time,
Facebook will be given your email address by Trusted Shops in order to
identify you as the user, and later solely the ID that was set for you as a
means of authentication between both systems. Facebook does not receive any
other data.

You can remove the link between the accounts at any time and revoke your
consent for the transmission of the data with effect for the future by
changing your settings accordingly here.

## Membership registration

Membership is offered exclusively to entities engaged in trading as part of
their business activity or to self-employed persons. Your personal data will
be collected if you voluntarily supply them to us when contacting us or during
the registration for our services. We use your data solely to be able to offer
you the information and services you request, which means that we will store
and process only the data and information that are absolutely necessary to
respond to your enquiry or execute an agreement.

When you contact us or request membership, we will prompt you to enter certain
data, such as your e-mail address, your name, street address and the address
of your online shop. On the relevant pages, you will be able to see what
information must be necessarily provided and what information is voluntary. We
need the information to be able to respond to your enquiry or check your
membership request. If you are a member, you may request us to block your data
from further processing after the membership agreement expires; your data will
be deleted upon expiry of all retention periods prescribed by tax and
commercial law. If you contact us but did not sign a membership agreement, we
will delete your data from our customer database if you request us to.

### Transmission of data to third parties as part of the membership
registration process

Only if you are an entity engaged in trading as part of your business activity
or a self-employed person will we transfer your address details to credit
bureaus during the process of concluding the membership agreement for the
credit bureau to evaluate the liability risk and check your creditworthiness.
Your creditworthiness and personal information will not be disclosed to any
third parties unless you consent to a certain disclosure in a separate,
express consent.

## Apply for a job at Trusted Shops

If you use this website to apply for a job at Trusted Shops, we will collect
your personal information through our job application portal, operated by an
external service provider. The data you furnish through our job application
portal will be used solely for the purpose of recruitment for the job
advertised and to check and process your application submitted in this
context. Once the recruitment process for a given advertised job position is
complete, the data will be blocked from further use and deleted upon expiry of
any applicable retention periods.

## General information

This general information applies to all sections of this document mutatis
mutandis.

### Protection of your data against misuse

We take the latest technological and organisational measures to ensure that
our website and other systems are secure and to prevent your data from being
lost, destroyed, accessed, altered or circulated by unauthorised parties. For
the transfer of personal data, such as enquiry, registration or buyer
protection related data, we use encryption technology to ensure the highest
degree of confidentiality. Your personal data are password-protected so that
you are the only person to access them. Our servers use various security
mechanisms and authorisation checks to hinder unauthorised access.
Nevertheless, you should maintain the confidentiality of your login data at
all times and close the browser window once you stop communicating with the
Trusted Shops. Thus, you are ensuring that no-one, except for you, is able to
access your personal data if you’re sharing the computer with others.

### Correction, blocking and deletion of your data

You may view and edit your user information at all times in the protected area
of the Trusted Shops homepage upon signing in using your email address and
password. Please contact us if you forget your password or cannot sign in.

You are entitled to receive free information about your stored data and to
correct, block or delete your data, if necessary. For this purpose, please
contact your data protection officer.

### Data Protection Officer

If you have any questions about how we collect, process or use your personal
data, want to enquire about, correct, block or delete your data, or withdraw
any consents you’ve given, please contact in writing our in-house data
protection officer Jennifer Rost:

Trusted Shops GmbH  
Datenschutzbeauftragte [Data Protection Officer]

Jennifer Rost  
Subbelrather Straße 15c  
50823 Köln

privacy@trustedshops.com

In addition to the internal data protection controls ensured by our in-house
data protection officer, certain control authorities were established under
the Federal Data Protection Act who may help you enforce your rights. Trusted
Shops falls within the jurisdiction of the supervisory office of the
Nordrhein-Westfalen federal state:

Landesbeauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit  
[State Commissioner for the Protection of Data and Freedom of Information]  
Nordrhein-Westfalen  
Helga Block  
Kavalleriestr. 2 – 4  
40213 Düsseldorf  
Phone: (0211) 38424-0  
Telefax: (0211) 38424-10  
E-Mail: poststelle [at] ldi.nrw.de

In accordance with § 4g (2) of the Federal Data Protection Act, the data
protection officer is obligated, on request, to make the obligatorily
registered procedural information available to anyone in an appropriate
manner. Should you wish to access the obligatorily registered procedural
information of Trusted Shops GmbH, please contact the data protection officer.

## Imprint

Person responsible under § 5 of Germany’s Telemedia Act (TMG) for
www.trustedshops.eu is:

### Registered office

Trusted Shops GmbH  
Subbelrather Straße 15c  
50823 Cologne, Germany

Tel.: +49 221 77536 371

E-Mail: service@trustedshops.eu

Cologne Local Court, Germany, Commercial Register (HRB) 32735

VAT ID No.: DE 812 947 877

Managing Directors: Jean-Marc Noël, Thomas Karst, Ulrich Hafenbradl

Responsible for content: Ulrich Hafenbradl (responsible), Dr. Carsten Föhlisch

Representative for minor protection, pursuant to Article 7 JMStV: Stefan
Bodewig, jugendschutz@trustedshops.de  
  
Online dispute resolution according to Art. 14 (1) Regulation on consumer ODR:
The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolutions
(ODR) which can be accessed under http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
Consumers have the possibility to use this platform for resolving their
disputes. We are ready to participate in extra-judicial dispute settlement
proceedings before a consumer dispute resolution body.

  
© 1999-2017 TRUSTED SHOPS GmbH.

  * Belgique / België
  * Danmark
  * Deutschland
  * España
  * France
  * Italia
  * Nederland
  * Österreich
  * Polska
  * Schweiz
  * Sverige
  * United Kingdom
  * Rest of Europe
  * 

All rights reserved. Contact, FAQ, Data privacy and Imprint

