  *   * 

  * Support
  * Blog
  * Log in / Sign up

# Humble Bundle, Inc. Privacy Policy

Effective Date: October 18, 2016

Humble Bundle, Inc. ("Humble Bundle," "we," "us," or "our") has created the
following Privacy Policy to let users of humblebundle.com or Humble Bundle’s
mobile application (individually and collectively, the “Service”), know what
information we collect when you visit the Service, why we collect it, and how
it is used. This Privacy Policy explains the data collection and use practices
of the Service; it does not apply to other online or offline Humble Bundle
sites, products or services. The terms "you," "your," and "yours" refer to
users of our Service. By using the Service, you consent to the data practices
prescribed in this Privacy Policy and agree to our Terms and Conditions.

Changes to this Privacy Policy.

We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will include
on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy and
remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this
page often. If a material change is made to this Privacy Policy, then Humble
Bundle will post a notice on humblebundle.com. Your continued use of the
Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.

Privacy Shield.

Humble Bundle has applied to participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the
collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European
Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland. Humble Bundle has certified or
will certify to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy
Shield Principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer,
security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and recourse,
enforcement and liability. For purposes of this section, Humble Bundle refers
to the following U.S. legal entities: Humble Bundle, Inc.

In accordance with our obligations under the Privacy Shield, and subject to
the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission,
we hereby affirm our commitment to subject to the Privacy Shield Principles
all personal information transferred from the European Union, European
Economic Area or Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield. This means
that, in addition to our other obligations under the Privacy Shield
Principles, we shall be liable to you for any third party agent to which we
transfer your personal information and that processes such personal
information in a manner that violates the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we
can demonstrate that we are not responsible for the resulting damages.

For inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with Privacy Shield,
please send us an email or letter at the Privacy Shield address specified in
the "Contacting Humble Bundle" section below. If we are unable to resolve your
complaint directly, you may submit your complaint at no cost to you to JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim. In
the event there are residual complaints that have not been resolved by JAMS,
or any other means, you may seek a non-monetary remedy through binding
arbitration to be provided to you in accordance with the Privacy Shield
Principles.

To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, please visit
http://www.privacyshield.gov. A list of companies certified under the Privacy
Shield Framework is available at the following link:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

What Information Is Collected?

Information You Provide.

We may collect information you provide directly via the Service. For example,
we collect information when you register an account, sign-up for a monthly
subscription, choose how much to pay and where your money goes, make a
purchase, or otherwise communicate or transact with us through the Service.

The information we collect includes Personal Information. "Personal
Information" means any information that may be used to identify an individual,
including a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email
address, phone number, payment information (credit card and address), or other
contact information, whether at work or at home. You may choose to voluntarily
submit certain other information to us through the Service, including Personal
Information, but you are solely responsible for your own Personal Information
in instances where we have not requested that you submit such information to
us.

We may de-identify your Personal Information by removing characteristics (such
as your name or email address) that make the information personally
identifiable. Personal Information once de-identified is not subject to this
Privacy Policy and we may treat it as non-Personal Information and use it
without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.

Information Collected Automatically.

Humble Bundle also automatically collects certain information about you when
you access or use the Service ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may
include IP address, device identifier, browser type, operating system, data
regarding network connected hardware, and information about your use of the
Service. Except to the extent required by applicable law, Humble Bundle does
not consider Usage Information to be Personal Information. However, Usage
Information may be combined with your Personal Information. To the extent that
we combine Usage Information with your Personal Information, we will treat the
combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

The methods that may be used on the Service to collect Usage Information
include:

  * Log Information: Log information is data about your use of the Service, such as IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, which is stored in log files. 
  * Information Collected by Tracking Technologies: Cookies, web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, device fingerprinting, in-app tracking methods, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed may be used to collect information about your interactions with the Service or e-mails, including information about your browsing and activity behavior. 
    * Cookies.   
When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies - a small text
file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your device that
uniquely identifies your browser and lets Humble Bundle help you log in faster
and enhance your navigation through the Service. A cookie may also convey
information about how you browse the Service to us. A persistent cookie
remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies
may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent
cookies can be removed by following your web browser's directions. A session
cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset
your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the
ability to accept cookies is disabled.

    * Web Beacons ("Tracking Pixels").   
Web beacons are small graphic images, also known as "internet tags" or "clear
gifs," embedded in web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be used to
count the number of visitors to the Service, to monitor how users navigate the
Service, and to count content views.

    * Embedded Scripts.   
An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about
your interactions with the Service. It is temporarily downloaded onto your
device from our web server or a third party with whom we work, is active only
while you are connected to the Service, and deleted or deactivated thereafter.

    * Location-identifying Technologies.   
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other location-
aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes such as
verifying your location and delivering or restricting relevant content based
on your location.

    * Device Fingerprinting.   
Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of
information elements from your device's browser, such as JavaScript objects
and installed fonts, in order to create a "fingerprint" of your device and
uniquely identify your device and applications.

    * In-App Tracking Methods.   
There are a variety of Tracking Technologies that may be included in mobile
applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be
controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifier, or other
identifiers such as "Ad IDs" to associate app user activity to a particular
app and to track user activity across apps. You can stop all collection of
information via our mobile applications by uninstalling them. Also, you may be
able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling
certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile
device.

For further information on tracking technologies and your choices regarding
them, please see the "Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies" section
below.

Information from Other Sources.

We may obtain information about you from other sources, including service
providers and third party billing processors such as Amazon and PayPal, and
combine such information with information we have collected about you. To the
extent we combine such third party sourced information with Personal
Information we have collected about you on the Service, we will treat the
combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. We are
not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by third parties
or third party policies or practices.

How Is Such Information Used?

We use information about you, including your Personal Information, for any
purposes consistent with our statements under this Privacy Policy including
to:

  * Provide you the services offered on our Service. 
  * Manage your registration, account, monthly subscription and purchases. 
  * Contact you if you request customer or technical support, and provide you with customer service. 
  * Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages. 
  * Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm. 
  * Coordinate your payments and where your money goes. 
  * Improve the Service or other Humble Bundle websites, applications, marketing efforts, products and services. 
  * Analyze how the Service is used, diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, and personalize content. 
  * Send you advertisements and communicate with you regarding our and third party products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events we think you may be interested in (for information about how to manage these communications, see the "Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies" and "Communications" sections below). 
  * Fulfill any other purpose disclosed at the time you provide Personal Information. 

We may make any commercial use of de-identified information, including sharing
the information with third parties.

How Is The Information Shared or Disclosed?

Our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers may receive, or
be given access to your information, including Personal Information and Usage
Information, in connection with their work on our behalf. These service
providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose
other than to provide this assistance, although we may permit them to use
aggregate information which does not identify you or de-identified information
for other purposes.

We must disclose Personal Information about you in response to lawful requests
by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements. We may also share information about you with third parties for
any purposes consistent with our statements under this Privacy Policy,
including as follows:

  * To complete and support your purchases on the Service. For example, we may disclose information to third party payment processors and the charities you select. 
  * To third party social networks at your direction, e.g. when you "tweet" or "like" something on the Service. 
  * If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Humble Bundle or the Service; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Humble Bundle; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Humble Bundle, its web sites or the public. 
  * If Humble Bundle or substantially all of its assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that Humble Bundle goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Humble Bundle may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy. 
  * With our affiliates for internal business purposes; 
  * With our affiliates, business partners, and other third parties for their own business purposes, including direct marketing purposes (California residents have certain rights set forth in "Your California Privacy Rights" below). 
  * For purposes disclosed at the time you provide Personal Information. 
  * With your consent or at your direction. 

In addition, from time to time, we may run contests, special offers, or other
events or activities ("Events") on the Service together with a third party
partner. If you provide information to such third parties, you give them
permission to use it for the purpose of that Event and any other use that you
approve. We cannot control third parties' use of your information. If you do
not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party, you
can choose not to participate in these Events.

Social Features and Links to Other Web Sites.

Certain functionalities on the Service permit interactions that you initiate
between the Service and certain third party services, such as third party
social networks ("Social Features"). Examples of Social Features include
"liking" or "sharing" our content and otherwise connecting our Service to a
third party service. If you use Social Features, and potentially other third
party services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly
displayed on our Service or by the third party service that you use.
Similarly, if you post information on a third party service that references
our Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Humble Bundle in a tweet
or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with our Service.
Also, both Humble Bundle and the third party may have access to certain
information about you and your use of our Service and the third party service.

We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or
from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please
remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website,
our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on
any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject
to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and
policies before proceeding.

Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies.

Our Service uses Google Analytics and other service providers to help us learn
about who visits our Service and what pages are being viewed. These analytics
services may use tracking technologies. Information generated by these
services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be
transmitted to and stored by these service providers on servers in the U.S.
(or elsewhere) and these service providers may use this information for
purposes such as evaluating your use of the Service, compiling statistic
reports on the Service's activity, and providing other services relating to
Service activity and other internet usage.

We may also engage and work with third parties to serve advertisements on the
Service and/or on third party services. These third parties may use tracking
technologies to tailor ads to your interests based on your browsing of the
Service and elsewhere on the internet, sometimes referred to as "interest-
based advertising" and "online behavioral advertising, which may include
sending you an ad on a third party service after you have left the Services
(i.e., "retargeting").

You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by
going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google
Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

You may choose whether to receive interest-based advertising by submitting
opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and service providers that perform
advertising-related services for us and our partners may participate in the
Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online
Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain
choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices, and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices for
information on the DAA's opt-out program for mobile apps. Some of these
companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI").
To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please be aware that, even if you
are able to opt out of certain kinds of interest-based advertising, you may
continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those
selected members should no longer deliver certain interest-based advertising
to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content
and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Humble Bundle is not responsible
for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options
or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.

Our Service uses fraud prevention software developed by Sift Science, Inc.
Sift Science’s anti-fraud services are designed to prevent your credit card
and other Personal Information from being used in a fraudulent purchase
through the Service. Sift Science works by analyzing user behavior and
detecting patterns that indicate fraud. Sift Science may also track your
activity over time and over a network of sites. We encourage you to learn more
about Sift Science and read their privacy policy on their website at
https://siftscience.com.

“Do Not Track”

Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track"
signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry
consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these
signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take action with respect to "Do Not
Track" signals or other mechanisms. For more information on "Do Not Track,"
visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.

Accessing and Changing Your Information.

You have the right to access the Personal Information we have about you. You
can access, modify, and remove your information by contacting us at
contact@humblebundle.com. We may require additional information from you to
allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use
your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, and enforce our agreements.

Communications.

You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (e-mails and
push notifications) from us at any time by (i) for e-mails, unchecking the
"Notify me about future Humble Bundle promotions" checkbox in your account
settings, following the instructions as provided in e-mails to click on the
unsubscribe link, or contacting us at contact@humblebundle.com with the word
UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the e-mail; and (ii) for push
notifications or in-app messages, adjusting the permissions in your mobile
device. Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address or
device used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions or non-promotional
communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or
Humble Bundle's ongoing business relations.

Your California Privacy Rights.

California's "Shine the Light" law permits customers in California to request
certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with
third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties' and
affiliates' own direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business should
either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit
California customers to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing.

Humble Bundle may share "personal information" as defined by California's
"Shine the Light" law with third parties for such third parties own direct
marketing purposes. California residents may obtain information about our
compliance with this law by contacting us at contact@humblebundle.com or by
sending a letter to Humble Bundle, Inc., 201 Post St, Floor 11, San Francisco,
California 94108 (Attn: Legal Department). Requests must include "California
Privacy Rights Request" in the first line of the description and include your
name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that Humble
Bundle is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through
the provided e-mail address or mail address.

Your European Privacy Rights.

If you are a resident of Europe and would like us not to process your personal
information (or not to provide it to third parties to process) for direct
marketing purposes, please send us an email or letter at the Privacy Shield
address specified in the "Contacting Humble Bundle" section below. We will try
to make the requested changes in our active databases as soon as reasonably
practical.

Children.

Humble Bundle does not knowingly collect personal information from children
age 13 and under as defined by the U.S. Children's Privacy Protection Act
("COPPA"). Parents or legal guardians who believe Humble Bundle has collected
such information in a manner not permitted by COPPA may contact us at
contact@humblebundle.com.

The Security of Your Information.

We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss,
theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
However, no server, computer or communications network or system, or data
transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a
result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you
transmit to us or through the use of the Service and you acknowledge and agree
that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own
risk.

Contacting Humble Bundle.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices
of Humble Bundle, please contact us at: contact@humblebundle.com.

Humble Bundle, Inc.  
Attn: Legal Department  
201 Post St, Floor 11  
San Francisco, CA  
94108

For any questions or complaints regarding our compliance with Privacy Shield,
please contact us at: contact@humblebundle.com .

Humble Bundle, Inc.  
Attn: Privacy Shield  
201 Post St, Floor 11  
San Francisco, CA  
94108

  * Support 
  * Blog 
  * Developer 
  * Publishing 

  * Terms of Service 
  * Privacy Policy 
  * Order Resender 
  * Careers 

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

Follow

  * Google+

