Solomid

  * Solomid.net
  * TSMStore
  * TSMPro
  * ProBuilds
  * Champion.GG
  * ChampionSelect
  * LoLCounter
  * NewsOfLegends 
  * DotaHut

Register or  Login

Hello,  Logout

Register or  Login

Hello,  Logout

  * Home
  * Guides
  * Live
  * News
  * Menu

  * Home
  * Guides
  * Live
  * Video
  * News

  * Shop

  * New Guide
  * Edit Guide

### Privacy Policy

## What information do we collect

We collect information from you when you register on our site.  
  
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to
enter your: e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.  
  
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on
their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out
of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network
privacy policy.

## What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following
ways:  
  
1\. To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better
respond to your individual needs)  
  
2\. To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website
offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)  
  
3\. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature

## How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your
personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal
information.  
  
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information
is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted
into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those
authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required
to?keep the information confidential.  
  
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security
numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

## Do we use cookies?

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to
your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables
the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture
and remember certain information  
  
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.

## Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third
parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or
servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information
confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours
or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable
visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing,
advertising, or other uses.

## California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in
compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore
will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your
consent.  
  
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site
may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their
control panel on the forums and going to the 'My Settings' page.

## Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy
Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years
of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are
at least 13 years old or older.

## Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our
website and not to information collected offline.

## Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use,
disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website
here.

## Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

## Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this
page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.  
  
This policy was last modified on August 7, 2011

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
using the information here.  
  
  
This policy is powered by Trust Guard PCI compliant security scanning.

SOLOMID

  * Solomid.net
  * Store
  * TSMPro
  * ProBuilds
  * Champion.GG
  * ChampionSelect
  * LoLCounter
  * News Of Legends
  * DotaHut

  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us

Copyright (C) 2009-2015 SoloMid. All rights reserved Back to top

#### Login to Solomid

Email

Password

Login Don't have an account? Create One! Forgot your login? Retrieve it!

