## JavaScript

This Website needs JavaScript.

### LOG IN

Nickname

Please enter your GameTwist player name here. Please enter your nickname

Password

Please enter your GameTwist password here. Please enter your password

Log in automatically Do you want to log in automatically next time?

LOG IN

Register

Forgot your password?

  * Čeština
  * Deutsch
  * English
  * Español
  * Eλληνικά
  * Français
  * Italiano
  * magyar
  * Polski
  * português
  * slovenský
  * Türkçe
  * Русский

  * Help
  * FAQ

Level

Your current level

  *   * Hello 

    * My GameTwist
    * My level
    * My Favourite Games
My Favourite Games

    * Leaderboards
    * Personal details
    * Redeem voucher
    * Log out

  * Twists 

    * Buy Twists

  * Buy Twists
  *     * Čeština
    * Deutsch
    * English
    * Español
    * Eλληνικά
    * Français
    * Italiano
    * magyar
    * Polski
    * português
    * slovenský
    * Türkçe
    * Русский

    * Help
    * FAQ

  * Slots
  * Bingo
  * Casino
  * Poker

Skill Games

Search games

Please enter a second letter.

You are here:

  1.   2. About us
  3. Terms and Conditions

Save GTC as a PDF

Follow us on

GameTwist on Facebook GameTwist on Twitter GameTwist on Google+

  * DigiCert SSL Certificate en 

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * About us
    * About us
    * Privacy Policy
    * Terms and Conditions
  * Affiliate
    * Partner Programme
  * Help
    * Responsible Gaming
    * GameTwist Help
    * FAQ
    * Sitemap

Support

  * support@gametwist.com  

Gaming should be fun and nothing else! This is why you can only play with the
virtual game currency 'Twists'. Fun should always be the most important aspect
of your gaming. It doesn't matter whether you play online or in the casino:
Never play to make a 'quick buck' or if you cannot afford it! If you worry
about the gaming habits of another person please contact: GamCare or
GamblersAnonymous.

© 2017 Funstage Games powered by GREENTUBE

### Forgotten your password

Forgotten your password? No problem! Simply enter your player name and e-mail
address below and we will immediately send you a link to change your password.

Nickname

Player name is required

E-mail

Please enter a valid e-mail address!

Send

# Forgot your password?

#

###  Change the security question Please select a security question

Choose a security question:

If you have forgotten your password and/or username we can recognise you due
to your answer to the security question.

Please answer your security question!

Please answer your security question. Please select an answer that you can
easily remember. This answer will allow you to access to your player account
if you have forgotten your login details.

Password

Please enter your password.

Save

Back to the game

### Change password

Send

### Change e-mail / send again

Send

### Accept the General Terms and Conditions!

Please accept our General Terms and Conditions to play at GameTwist. This is
the current version of our Terms &amp; Conditions: TERMS and CONDITIONS

Agree

### Change e-mail / send again

Send

### Accept the General Terms and Conditions!

Please accept our General Terms and Conditions to play at GameTwist. This is
the current version of our Terms & Conditions: TERMS and CONDITIONS

Agree

### Please complete your personal details!

Some of your details are still missing! Please complete your details to
continue purchasing Twists.

Please edit your personal details

### Change e-mail / send again

Send Close

Please note: Click here if you have confirmed your e-mail already.

# Please enter your date of birth here.

DD 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
26 27 28 29 30 31 MM 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 YYYY 2001 2000 1999
1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984
1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969
1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954
1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939
1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924
1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 Tell us how old you are.

Parent Consent

Send

### Accept the General Terms and Conditions!

Please accept our General Terms and Conditions to play at GameTwist. This is
the current version of our Terms &amp; Conditions: TERMS and CONDITIONS

### Please select a security question

Choose a security question:

If you have forgotten your password and/or username we can recognise you due
to your answer to the security question. SecurityQuestion.ChooseQuestion.Error

Please answer your security question!

Please answer your security question. Please select an answer that you can
easily remember. This answer will allow you to access to your player account
if you have forgotten your login details.

Password

Please enter your password. SecurityQuestion.Password.Error

### Please enter your date of birth here.

DD 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
26 27 28 29 30 31 MM 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 YYYY 2001 2000 1999
1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984
1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969
1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954
1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939
1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924
1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 Tell us how old you are. DateOfBirth.Error

Parent Consent

DateOfBirth.ParentConsent.Error

Save

Please note: Click here if you have selected your security question already.

