Ookla Speedtest

  *  Advertise
  *  Become a Host
  *  My Results
  *  Support
  *  Settings
  * Login
  *  Create Account

Remember Me  
Forgot Password?

Try Speedtest Beta

# ZIFF DAVIS, LLC PRIVACY POLICY

Effective April 7, 2017

Note: The Ziff Davis Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the
updated privacy policy carefully before using the Ziff Davis Services. By
using any of the Ziff Davis Services, you consent to the terms of the updated
Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at
ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com and include 'Privacy Policy' in the subject line.

Ziff Davis, LLC, its affiliates and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Ziff
Davis", "us" or "we") owns, operates, or provides access to, several
interactive websites, mobile and connected applications, and other online
interactive features and services, including, but not limited to, emails,
newsletters, chat areas, forums, communities, sweepstakes and contests
(collectively "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to all information
collected about you by Ziff Davis, regardless of how it is collected or
stored, and describes, among other things, the types of information collected
about you when you visit the Services, how your information may be used and
when it may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your
information, and how your information is protected.

This Privacy Policy covers information collected through these websites and
mobile applications:

### Websites:

  * Ziff Davis
  * IGN, IGN Canada, IGN UK, IGN Australia, IGN Mobile
  * AskMen, AskMen Canada, AskMen UK, AskMen Australia, AskMen Mobile
  * PCMag, PCMag Canada, PCMag UK, PCMag Australia, PCMag Mobile
  * ExtremeTech
  * Computer Shopper
  * Geek
  * LogicBuy, TechBargains
  * Offers.com, CouponCodes.com
  * Toolbox.com, Inside CRM, Inside-Erp, IT Management, IT Security, VoIP-News
  * emedia.com, emedia.co.uk,
  * Salesify, B2BSignals
  * Ookla, Speedtest.net, Speedtest Custom, Pingtest.net

### Applications:

  * IGN: Video Game News, Reviews, Guides
  * IGN: Video Game News, Reviews
  * IGN App For PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale
  * IGN App For GW2
  * IGN App For Dead Space 3
  * IGN App For Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
  * IGN App For Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn
  * IGN App For PlanetSide 2
  * TechBargains
  * Offers.com
  * Speedtest

## Privacy Policy Overview

In this Privacy Policy, we will discuss the following topics and more:

  1. What information we collect.
  2. How we collect and use information.
  3. Information regarding interest-based advertising.
  4. What information we give to third parties.
  5. How you can change or control what is collected.
  6. Information for users located outside the U.S.
  7. How this Privacy Policy can change.
  8. Other useful information regarding your privacy.
  9. How you can contact Ziff Davis about any questions or concerns you may have.

## Site Specific Links

The practices described in Sections 1 through 9 below generally apply to all
Services. For further information about Services that relate to particular
Ziff Davis sites and applications, click below:

  * Offers.com
  * Ookla

  1. ## What information we collect.

We may collect Personal Information from you or from other sources. "Personal
Information" generally means information that might reasonably be used to
specifically identify you and may include information such as:

    * Contact information, such as your name, postal address, email address, phone number and/or mobile number;
    * Demographic information such as gender, job information and company information;
    * Age and/or date of birth;
    * User name and password; and
    * Geolocation data.

We do not intentionally collect data such as financial information or data
concerning racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or
philosophical beliefs or trade union membership.

We also collect other kinds of information from you or other sources, which we
refer to as "Other Information" in this Privacy Policy. The type of
information we collect may change as technologies evolve. Other Information
may include, but is not limited to, information such as:

    * Areas or topics of interest;
    * Browsing history, including the websites or other services you visited before and after visiting the Services;
    * Device type, settings and software used;
    * Device identification ("ID"), which is a distinctive number associated with a smartphone or similar handheld device, but is different than a hardware serial number;
    * Advertising ID, which is a unique, user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a device (e.g. iOS uses the Identifier for Advertising (or "IDFA") and Android uses Google Advertising ID);
    * Internet connection means, such as internet service provider ("ISP"), mobile operator, WiFi connection, service set identifier ("SSID"), International Mobile Subscriber Identity ("IMSI") and International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI");
    * Internet Protocol ("IP") address, which is a unique string of numbers automatically assigned to your device whenever you access the Internet;
    * Log files, which may include IP addresses, browser type, ISP referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps and/or clickstream data, including any clicks on customized links;
    * Web Beacons, which are electronic files that allow a website to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies;
    * Pixel Tags, also known as clear GIFs, beacons, spotlight tags or web bugs, are a method for passing information from the user's computer to a third party website;
    * Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5;
    * Mobile analytics to understand the functionality of our mobile applications and software on your phone; and
    * Information collected through the use of cookies, eTags, Javascript, pixel tags, device ID tracking, anonymous identifiers and other technologies, including information collected using such methods and technologies about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with, the Services and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels, and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads (collectively, "Online Data").

We may also supplement the Personal Information and Other Information we
collect from you with information from third parties, including third party
affiliate network operators, referral sources, social networking sites or
services (such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn), and commercially available
or public sources (such as data brokers, data aggregators and public
databases). If you use a third party connection or log-in (such as Facebook,
Twitter, or Google+) to create a membership or profile on any part of the
Services, access our content or forward our content to another person,
platform or service, we may also receive your user name, password or email
address for those third party services or other information available about
you or collected from you on those services. This Privacy Policy does not
cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose
information to Ziff Davis.

All of the above information is referred to collectively as "User
Information".

Please note that Ziff Davis is not responsible for the information you
volunteer about yourself in the discussions in certain public areas of the
site, such as forums, blogs, wikis, chat rooms, private messages, message
boards or other publicly accessible interaction, or information that you
choose to make public in your member profile or other areas that allow users
to upload or post content. We discourage users from posting Personal
Information in this fashion, and any Personal Information you post to these
areas is not covered by this Privacy Policy. You can change your publicly
available information at any time via your profile page or to request removal
of your Personal Information from these areas. Please see our section on How
you can change or control what is collected in this Privacy Policy. In some
cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case
we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

  2. ## How we collect and use information.

Ziff Davis collects information as described herein. All information is or may
be used as described in this Privacy Policy.

We collect User Information across our Services, such as when you register for
site membership or create a profile or account on any part of the Services;
purchase a subscription, software license or product; sign up for emails,
newsletters, bulletins, webinars or white papers; enter a sweepstakes,
contest, competition or prize draw; receive promotional information by SMS
text message; participate in surveys; perform search queries on the Services;
or otherwise communicate with us. We also collect User Information about you
offline through telephone or direct mail efforts or from customers, vendors,
suppliers, third parties and publicly-available sources.

When you use the Services, we may combine Personal Information with Other
Information we collect about you.We do this to improve services we offer you
and to improve the functionality of the Services and our ability to market or
advertise to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. We
may also combine information you have provided to us with information obtained
from other sources.

Personal Information is used to provide Services to you from Ziff Davis or its
partners, which includes, but is not limited to when: (i) we send emails or
newsletters offering services or products to you, (ii) you post your personal
testimonial alongside other endorsements, (iii) we display your personal
reviews of products or services, or (iv) you to search for other website
members using information you may already know about that member such as
username, full name or gamer profile and identify users matching that
criteria. Personal Information may also be used to send you advertisements and
promotions on the Services and on third party channels. Personal Information
you provide to us is used in a way that is compatible with the Services and
this Privacy Policy. Some of the Services use Personal Information of a
registered user to "pre-populate" online forms that are displayed for the
purpose of collecting additional information about you by the Services or on
behalf of a third party.

If you choose to use our referral service to send an article to a contact or
to invite a contact to become a member of a website, we will ask you for your
contact's email address or allow you to import your contacts from your email
account's address book. We will automatically send your contact a one-time
email inviting him or her to visit the website.We may collect the username and
password for the email account from which you wish to import your contacts,
and will only use that information for that purpose.

Ziff Davis and its partners use cookies and other tracking technologies to
analyze trends, administer Services, track users' movements around the
Services and on third party sites, devices and applications, and to gather
demographic information about our user base. You can control the use of
cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies,
it may limit your use of certain features or functions on the Services. To
manage Flash cookies, please click here. Please see our Cookie Policy for more
information, including a more in-depth explanation of what cookies are, the
different types of cookies used on the Services, and how to change or delete
them.

Tracking technologies on the Services may be deployed by Ziff Davis and/or by
our service providers or partners. Certain tracking technologies enable us to
assign a unique identifier to you, and relate information about your use of
the Services to other information about you, including your User Information.
We may match information collected from you through different means or at
different times and use such information along with offline and online
information obtained from other sources (including from third parties),
including, but not limited to, demographic information and updated contact
information for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you
with relevant content and advertising.

When you receive email messages or newsletters from us, we may use web
beacons, customized links, clear GIFs or similar technologies to determine
whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to
provide you more focused email communications or other information, and/or
aggregate with other data we collect for some or all of the purposes outlined
in this Privacy Policy.

We and our partners (including e-commerce partners, affiliates, and analytics
providers) may also use technologies such as pixel tags, e-tags, IP addresses,
Local Shared Objects, Local Storage, Flash cookies and HTML5 to analyze
trends; administer the Services; collect and store information such as user
settings, anonymous browser identifiers and video viewing history; supplement
to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement;
track users' location and movements around the Services; gather demographic
information about our user base; and to improve our understanding of traffic
on the Services, visitor behavior, and responses to promotional campaigns. We
may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these third
party companies on an individual and aggregated basis. For example, we may
connect information about your IP address to known corporate or other
information or User Information and use the associated information related to
aggregate content preferences to assist in our efforts to market services to
you or the originating corporation(s). Various browsers may offer their own
management tools for removing Local Storage. To manage Flash Local Shared
Objects please click here.

We use mobile analytics software to collect data and to better understand the
functionality of our mobile software, devices and applications on your phone
and other devices. This software may record information such as how often you
use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated
usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We may
link this information to User Information.

The Services include certain social media features, such as the Facebook
"Like" button and widgets, which include the "Share" button or interactive
mini-programs that run on the Services. These features may collect your IP
address, track which page you are visiting on the Services, and may serve a
cookie to enable the features to function properly. Social media features and
widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Services.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of
the company providing it.

  3. ## Information regarding interest-based advertising.

Ziff Davis and/or certain third parties collect information about you for
online behavioral advertising ("OBA") purposes in order for you to receive
relevant interest-based advertising on the Services and on other websites,
platforms and media channels. OBA is also referred to as interest-based
advertising.

Ziff Davis displays ads on both the Services and on third party websites,
applications, platforms and other media channels (collectively, "Channels").
We use Online Data as well as other User Information to send you OBA. For
example, if you read an article about a particular subject on the Services, we
may use cookies from a vendor to later serve you an advertisement for a
particular product or service related to the viewed article. These third party
vendors may connect information about pages you visit on the Services with
information about pages you visit on other Channels and show you advertising
based on this combined information. These advertisements may appear when you
are visiting a different section of the Services or on another Channel.
Likewise, third party vendors may serve you advertisements when you visit the
Services based on your interaction with the Services and other Channels.

The specific providers we use for OBA are subject to change. For a list of
some of the applicable providers, click here. For information about how to opt
out of tracking methods for these entities and others, click here. For more
details about OBA and opting out, click here.

Online Data is aggregated with the other information and data we collect as
described in this Privacy Policy and/or similar data collected by partners to
create groups of users and certain general-interest categories or segments
that we have inferred based on (a) demographic or interest data, and a general
geographic location derived from your IP address or mobile device, (b) the
pages you view and links you click when viewing an email or using the Services
and those of our partners, and/or (c) the search terms you enter when using
certain search services. We use this information to get a more accurate
picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more
relevant to your interests. We store page views, clicks and search terms used
for ad personalization targeting separately from your Personal Information.

We may also sell or transfer Online Data to certain third parties such as
advertisers who will use this data to serve ads that they believe are relevant
to your interests, and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of this
information. Some of these third parties may combine the Online Data with
their own data about you to form a more detailed picture.

We engage third party providers to assist with the collection, storage and
segmentation of Online Data and the providers are required to maintain the
confidentiality of this information. We do not authorize such third party
providers to collect Personal Information from our Services for their own
purposes. Except as may be set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, this
Online Data is retained by Ziff Davis for not more than 180 days after which
it shall expire. However, the 180 day period may commence again if the same
user subsequently visits or interacts with an ad, email, the Services or a
Channel.

We may also engage third parties for the purpose of recognizing our users and
delivering interest-based content and advertisements to them. We may share
your User Information with our partners such as your name, postal address,
email, or other identifier. Our partners may also: (i) collect information
directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, advertising ID,
and information about your browser or operating system; (ii) combine User
Information about you received from Ziff Davis with information about you from
other sites or services; and (iii) place or recognize a unique cookie on your
browser.

Our ad network partners may use cookies, web beacons and advertising IDs to
collect information about your activities on the Services and Channels to
provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you click or
tap on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume
that you meet its target criteria. If you wish to not have this information
used by Ziff Davis or vendors collecting OBA data on the Services for the
purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt out by clicking here. Please
note this does not opt you out of being served all advertising. If you opt out
of interest-based ads, you will continue to receive ads, but these ads may not
be as relevant to your interests. If you change your computer, change your
browser, reset your advertising ID, or delete your cookies, you will need to
renew your opt-out settings.

  4. ## What information we give to third parties.

Ziff Davis providesUser Information to third party companies and contractors
who work on our behalf to provide us with specialized services, such as email
message deployment, email address validation, merge-purge (identifying and
removing duplicate addresses), subscription fulfillment, customer support and
service, research, statistical analysis, cross-device user tracking, data and
website hosting, marketing, advertising, and other data and transaction
processing. These companies work on our behalf, are authorized by Ziff Davis
to obtain only the information they need to deliver the service, and are
required to maintain the confidentiality of the information. We also engage
third party service providers for the purpose of processing the sale of
subscriptions, to fulfill your orders for product purchases, to honor your
request to be removed from promotional mailings, or other services. These
service providers have access to or are provided with certain Personal
Information (including credit card information) in order to provide us with
the applicable service.

At times, we conduct contests, competitions, sweepstakes and prize draws, or
produce and host sponsored white papers, webcasts or other downloads for a
variety of companies ("Sponsors"). Information collected during the
registration for such events is used by us as part of User Information, and
may be shared with the Sponsor and others. The information collected would be
subject to our Privacy Policy and, in the event that it is shared with a
Sponsor or other third party, would also be subject to the Sponsor's or such
other third party's privacy policy, and it may be used by us, the Sponsor,
and/or such other third parties for follow up purposes. We may also share your
information with third party vendors involved in the administration of such
events. For contests, competitions, sweepstakes and prize draws, please read
the official rules or terms and conditions carefully before you submit your
information.

For some of our Services, we may make some information, such as the name of
our users, their mailing address, phone number, email address--and in certain
circumstances their employer's name, company size and other industry data--
available on a rental or other basis (e.g. sale) to third party providers of
goods and services, for example, when such information is provided in
connection with webcasts, white papers or other sponsored downloads. While
many customers appreciate the communications they receive from the third party
providers of goods and services to whom we provide lists of our customers, if
you no longer wish to receive messages from individual providers, follow the
unsubscribe link and instructions at the bottom of the provider's message or
contact the third party provider directly to be removed from their list.

When you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of Ziff
Davis), or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site, you
grant us permission to pass the information collected back to that partner.
This may include third party service providers whose services are embedded
into and/or appear within the Services. Use of your information by such
partners may be subject to their privacy policies as well as ours.

In order to help us sell advertising on the Services and otherwise publicize
Ziff Davis and its brands, we may share aggregate statistics that describe our
online audience. Those statistics are often based on the information you
provide when you subscribe, register, or browsethe Services and describe,
among other things, the demographics of our visitors.

We may also disclose User Information that we receive from you and from third
party and public sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by
this Privacy Policy (e.g., third party providers of goods and services,
marketing and advertising companies and agencies, content publishers and
retailers) that want to market products or services to you. In addition, we
provide information to third parties for OBA as discussed above.

Ziff Davis and some of our advertisers use third party advertising service
companies to serve advertisements and perform related services when you visit
the Services. Often, these third party advertising companies employ cookie and
other technologies to measure the effectiveness of website, app and email
advertisements and to create a record of interaction with our content that
they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites or
applications, or for reporting website traffic, app use, statistics,
advertisement data and/or other activities on the Services. We also engage
third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data.

  5. ## How you can change or control what is collected.

Updating Your Registration Information. Upon request, Ziff Davis will provide
you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information.
You can also view, correct, delete or change the information collected during
user registration at any time at the profile page for that membership, app or
website. Please allow five to ten business days for corrections or changes to
be publicly displayed or implemented throughout our systems. If you have any
trouble accessing, correcting or deleting any of your information, or would
like to make a request about whether Ziff Davis holds any of your Personal
Information, please contact the website directly by clicking on the
appropriate link below (which should lead to a "Contact Us" page or support
email) or contact us at ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com (must include "Privacy Policy"
in the subject line) and we will respond to your request within a reasonable
timeframe.

    * AskMen
    * B2BSignals
    * Computer Shopper
    * CouponCodes.com
    * emedia UK
    * emedia US
    * Geek
    * ExtremeTech
    * IGN
    * LogicBuy.com
    * Offers.com
    * Ookla
    * PCMag
    * Pingtest.net
    * Salesify
    * Speedtest
    * Techbargains.com
    * Toolbox.com
    * Ziff Davis B2B Focus sites

Location Based Services. You may opt-out of location-based services at any
time by editing the appropriate setting at the device level (which is usually
located in the Settings are of your device) or by emailing us at
ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com and include "Privacy Policy" in the subject line.

OBA. Ziff Davis is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") in the
U.S., E.U. and Canada and uses third party assurance platforms to comply with
the DAA principles. Online ads on the Services using Online Data are delivered
with the DAA Ad Marker Icon , which helps users understand how their data is
being used and provides choices for users who want more control. This icon is
also on each of our web pages and applications where Online Data is collected
that will be used for OBA purposes. The DAA Ad Marker Icon  provides
information (and links to other information) on online behavioral ads, who is
collecting and using your Online Data, how you can opt out and more. If you
would prefer that we not collect Online Data that may be used to help
determine which advertisements to serve you, opt out by clicking this icon ,
which can be found on most of our webpages and mobile applications.

    * European Union and Switzerland residents should visit the European DAA by clicking here.
    * Canadian residents should visit the DAA of Canada by clicking here.
    * U.S. residents and residents of all other countries or territories not listed above can click here for the DAA site to learn more about the use of cookies, your opt-out choices, and more.

Cookies and Pixel Tags. You may stop or restrict cookies and pixel tags on
your computer or purge cookies from your browser by adjusting your web browser
preferences. However, if you "turn off," purge, or disable cookies or pixel
tags, although you may still use the Services, you may not be able to use all
of the features, functions, or services available on the Services.

Your Newsletter and Email Subscriptions. You can opt out or unsubscribe to a
newsletter or other email list at any time by following the instructions at
the end of the newsletters or emails you receive. Please allow five to ten
business days for changes to take effect.On some Services, member service-
related communications are an integral part of such Services to which you
subscribe and you may continue to receive emails as part of that particular
portion of the Services unless you cancel your account, even if you opt out of
the newsletters or email list.

Push Notifications. We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order
to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no
longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at
the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to
collect certain information about your device such as operating system and
user identification information.

California Residents. In accordance with the California Online Privacy
Protection Act, we may collect Personal Information about your online
activities when you usethe Services. While we give our users many avenues to
opt out of providing Personal Information, we do not respond to Web browsers'
"do not track" signals. If you wish for us to refrain from gathering your
Personal Information, please see our section on How to Change or Control What
Is Collected. California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code Section 1798.83,
permits our users who are California residents to periodically request and
obtain certain information about any Personal Information disclosed to third
parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and
wish to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:

Ziff Davis  
28 East 28th Street  
New York, NY 10016  
Attn: Legal Department

  6. ## Information for users located outside the U.S.

The Services operate and are hosted in the United States and, depending on
your country of residence, the submission of personally identifiable
information tothe Services may involve some transfer of User Information to
the United States. You understand and consent to having any User Information
you provide transferred to and processed in the United States. You should be
aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections
equivalent to those of your country of residence.

Please note that we may use data collected by a third party operator/licensee
of localized versions or editions of Services.

Ziff Davis' privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy comply with the
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ("APEC") Cross Border Privacy Rules System.
To learn more about this program, please click here.

Ziff Davis, LLC and its U.S. subsidiaries IGN Entertainment, Inc., emedia
Communications, LLC, SaleBuild, Inc. d/b/a Salesify and B2BSignals,
Offers.com, LLC and Ookla, LLC participate in and have certified its
compliance with the E.U.-U.S.Privacy Shield Framework. Ziff Davis is committed
to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (E.U.) member
countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's
applicable principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework,
please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield List. Ziff Davis
is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the
Privacy Shield Framework and subsequent transfers to a third party acting as
an agent on its behalf. Ziff Davis complies with the Privacy Shield principles
for all onward transfers of personal data from the E.U., including the onward
transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or
transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Ziff Davis is subject to
the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In
certain situations, Ziff Davis may be required to disclose personal data in
response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national
security or law enforcement requirements. If you are a European individual
with a privacy related complaint, concern or question about Ziff Davis'
privacy practices, please contact us by writing to ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com
(must include "Privacy Policy" in the subject line) and we will respond within
45 days of receiving your request. Under certain conditions, more fully
described on the Privacy Shield website, European individuals may invoke
binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
exhausted.

Ziff Davis complies with the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth
by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and
retention of personal data from European Union member countries and
Switzerland. Ziff Davis has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor
Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data
integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor
program, and to view Ziff Davis' certification, please click here.

  7. ## How this Privacy Policy can change.

Some or all User Information maintained by Ziff Davis may be subject to
transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership of Ziff
Davis or sale of any part of Ziff Davis. You will be notified via email and/or
a prominent notice on our websites in the event of any change in ownership
along with a material change of the uses of your Personal Information.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and all changes will be
effective at the time we post them. If we believe there is a significant
change to this Privacy Policy or our data collection and use practices, we
will indicate on our websites that our Privacy Policy has changed prior to the
change becoming effective. The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy
supersedes all prior versions. Your continued access to or use of any of the
Services shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.

We urge you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy
regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to
you.

  8. ## Other useful information regarding your privacy.

Security. We believe we use reasonable precautions to keep the Personal
Information you disclose tothe Services secure. However, we cannot guarantee
there will not be a breach, and we are not responsible for any breach of
security or for the actions of any third parties. In certain instances we may
use Secure Sockets Layer encryption and/or transfer certain User Information
in a non-human readable format to provide protection. You are ultimately
responsible for the security of your email address and password.

Children. The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those
under 13. No one under age 13 should provide any Personal Information or use
our public discussion areas, forums or chats. Minors under the age of 18 are
prohibited from making purchases onthe Service or obtaining coupons or codes
fromthe Services to purchase goods or services on third party websites. If,
notwithstanding these prohibitions, your children disclose information about
themselves in our public discussion areas, consequences may occur that are not
intended for children (for example, they may receive unsolicited messages from
other parties). If it is discovered that we have collected Personal
Information from someone under 13, we will delete that information
immediately.

Data Retention. The time period for which we keep information varies according
to the information's use. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep
data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us
to keep the information, we plan to retain it for no longer than is necessary
to fulfill a legitimate business need.

Links to Other Sites. The Services contain links to other sites whose
information practices may be different from ours. You should consult the
privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected.

Compliance with Law and Other Terms. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the
right to release information concerning any user of Services when we have
grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other
published guidelines or engages in (or we have grounds to believe is engaging
in) any illegal activity, and to release information in response to court and
governmental orders, other requests from government entities, civil subpoenas,
discovery requests and otherwise as required by law. We also may release
information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is in
the interest of protecting the rights, property, safety or security of Ziff
Davis, any of our users or the public, or to respond to an emergency.

For more information concerning your use of the Services, please visit Ziff
Davis' Terms of Use page which is incorporated by reference into this Privacy
Policy.

  9. ## How you contact Ziff Davis about any questions or concerns you may have.

If you have any questions on our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at
ZDLegal1@ziffdavis.com and include 'Privacy Policy' in the subject line. You
may also contact us by writing to:

Ziff Davis  
28 East 28th Street  
New York, NY 10016  
Attn: Legal Department

If you have an unresolved privacy of data use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute
resolution provider (free of charge) by clicking here.

## Offers.com

Offers.com is a Ziff Davis website and application. When you install the
Offers.com extension on your web browser, you may be offered coupons which are
relevant to your online shopping experience. Offers.com has relationships with
various third party merchants ("Merchants"), and coupons may be offered to you
when you either search for a particular Merchant on your web browser or when
you visit a particular Merchant's website. The Offers.com extension may also
use cookies to track your browsing history (if available) and the amount of
money you spend on a particular Merchant's website. All data collected about
your browsing and spending history collected is collected anonymously and is
then used by Offers.com for internal purposes only.

When using the Offers.com service, we may collect information that is about
you but does not identify you, such as your merchant, brand and coupon
preferences, and your interactions with Offers.com and its merchants. This and
certain other information about you as described above (including Personal
Information) may be collected when you: (1) search for merchants, brands or
coupons, (2) view, display, click, print or download a coupon; (3) submit or
redeem a coupon to a merchant; or (4) interact with advertisements appearing
on the Offers.com website.

Offers.com also offers the opportunity to receive coupons via SMS messages if
you provide your mobile phone number. You may choose to stop receiving mobile
marketing communications from Offers.com by texting STOP in response to SMS
messages. You can also text HELP for assistance, or contact Customer Service.
Offers.com will not charge you for receiving or sending SMS messages and makes
no representations, warranties or guarantees that a particular wireless
service provider will enable you to participate in an SMS program.

## Ookla

Ookla is a Ziff Davis company andoperator of Speedtest.net, Speedtest Custom
and Pingtest.net, as well as the Speedtest applications. Speedtest by Ookla is
also offered on multiple devices, products and platforms, such as an extension
on your web browser or as an application in certain products such as routers.

When conducting a test through Speedtest on any device or platform, wecollect
the test results, approximate location of the server and user machine (using
publicly available information and if made available by your mobile device)
and other information including the IP address, the ISP, college or
organization that operates the network you test, and network, hardware and
device identifiers such as your SSID or IMEI (if the test is conducted on a
smartphone). If you install the Speedtest extension on your web browser, in
addition to allowing you to run a test of your internet speed, the extension
uses our Web Speed feature, which measures the load time for a particular
website and allows you to measure how long it takes for a particular website
to load. Through the Web Speed feature, we collect page load metrics for the
websites you visit, including page URLs, load times, and the approximate
location of your device (using publicly available information), but Web Speed
does not collect IP addresses. We also combine this information with recent
Speedtest information from the same device. You can opt out of the Web Speed
feature at any time by adjusting the settings on your web browser.

Except as otherwise described herein, the information we gather from all tests
run through Ookla's brands is collected anonymously and then aggregated to
provide performance data to users on the Ookla websites and/or to third
parties to whom we license the information. We do so with the express intent
of providing a neutral and unbiased monitoring and reporting resource for
users around the world. The only Speedtest results we do not license to third
parties are those from instances of Speedtest Custom which have a paid
subscription; in such instances, the Speedtest results are owned by the
subscriber and would be subject to that subscriber's privacy policy.

Information collected from tests run through Speedtest may not be anonymous as
follows: Ookla may use publicly-available data collected through the Web Speed
feature of the Speedtest extension on your web browser to ascertain your
approximate location (if your browser settings allow it). In most cases, the
IP addresses collected when you run a test on Speedtest.net, the Speedtest
applications, or through the Speedtest feature of the browser extension are
masked or partially hidden, but in some cases we provide the full IP address
to the company licensing the information. For some ISPs and mobile carriers,
Ookla will provide full IP addresses and/or network, hardware or device
identifiers, for such ISP or mobile carrier's customers upon request. Ookla
may also provide full IP addresses and/or network, hardware and device
identifiers, to equipment manufacturers and core network, or wholesale,
providers on a case-by-case basis for network research purposes. In the cases
in which we provide the full IP address, and network, hardware and device
identifiers, it is because the company, typically an ISP or mobile carrier,
owns those IP addresses, and/or network, hardware or device identifiers and
provides them to their customers when their customers enter into a service
contract. Ookla may also collection geolocation information during a test, but
it does not link such information to any Personal Information.

For more information concerning your use of Ookla's websites and services
(including Speedtest, Speedtest Custom and Pingtest), please visit the Ookla
Terms of Use page. The Ookla Terms of Use page is incorporated by reference
into this Privacy Policy.

## Other brands and divisions of Ziff Davis not covered by this Privacy Policy

Everyday Health is a Ziff Davis company, but maintains separate privacy
policies from Ziff Davis. Everyday Health and its subsidiaries own or operate
the sites and applications listed below. For further information about their
privacy practices, please click on the links below.

  * Everyday Health
  * What to Expect
  * The Mayo Clinic Diet
  * MedPage Today
  * Doctor Directory

Everyday Health also operates the applications Calorie Counter and In Check.

  * Company
  * About
  * Advertise
  * Speedtest Awards
  * Speedtest Reports
  * Speedtest Insights
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

  * Products
  * Speedtest
  * Speedtest Mobile
  * Speedtest Desktop
  * Speedtest Mini

  * Ziff Davis
  * IGN
  * AskMen
  * PCMag
  * Offers.com
  * ExtremeTech
  * Geek
  * Toolbox

Accurate, free and powered by Ookla -- the global standard in network testing.  
(C) Copyright 2017 Ookla  
Privacy Policy | Terms &amp; Conditions | Network Status |  AdChoices

DE | EN | ES | FR | ID | IT | NL | PL | PT | RU | SV

We have updated our Privacy Policy and encourage you to read it by clicking
here.

✕

