wargaming.net

# Legal Documentation

Below, you’ll find legal documentation for all Wargaming.net products &
services.

  * End User Licence Agreement

Last updated: February 2,2016

## 1\. About this End User Licence Agreement

1.1 This End User Licence Agreement (or "EULA") governs the relationship
between you and Wargaming Group Limited, 105, Agion Omologiton Avenue, Nicosia
1080, Cyprus or any one of its affiliated entities, including Wargaming World
Limited, 105, Agion Omologiton Avenue, Nicosia 1080, Cyprus, for Xbox® and
PlayStation® games ("Wargaming", "we", "our" and "us") in relation to our
games, including, but not limited to,, "World of Tanks", "World of Warplanes",
"World of Warships", "World of Tanks" on Xbox 360 and Xbox One, "World of
Tanks" on PlayStation®4, or "World of Tanks Blitz" (each a "Game").

1.2 This EULA incorporates the rules and guidelines that apply to your use of
the Game (the "Game Rules"). The Game Rules are set out at:

    * http://forum.worldoftanks.eu/index.php?/forum-29/announcement-26-world-of-tanks-game-rules/
    * http://forum.worldofwarplanes.eu/index.php?/forum-644/announcement-9-world-of-warplanes-game-rules/
    * http://forum.worldofwarships.eu/index.php?/forum-120/announcement-17-world-of-warships-game-rules/
    * http://forum.wotblitz.eu/index.php?/forum-40/announcement-9-world-of-tanks-blitz-game-rules/

and form part of this EULA.

You must also accept and comply with all rules of external platforms
applicable to specific Game, including but not limited to, Xbox® games and
other Xbox® services rules, PlayStation®4 licences and other Sony rules, Apple
Appstore and Game Center rules, and Google PlayTM rules. Any breach of any
rules of the external platforms shall also be regarded as a fundamental breach
of the Terms of Service by you.

This EULA together with third parties’ rules and other documents that you
accept set out how we expect you to behave when playing the Game. Please
review them carefully before playing the Game.

When playing Games on PlayStation®4 and using Sony services, following rules
apply. Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony
Network Entertainment Europe Limited (“SNEE”) and be subject to Sony
Entertainment Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available
on the Playstation®Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these
may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any
in-game store has the same age rating as the game.

## 2\. This EULA and You

2.1 If you are under 18 years of age, please ask your parent or guardian to
review and approve this EULA on your behalf. If you are under the aforesaid
age, you must not use or access the Game without a parent or legal guardian
supervising you.

2.2 You confirm your agreement to this EULA including the Game Rules as part
of the installation process of the Game (if applicable) or by using the Game.
If you do not agree to this EULA or the Game Rules, please do not attempt to
install or use the Game.

## 3\. Terms of Service and Privacy and Cookie Policy

You confirm that as part of the process of creating a Wargaming account (an
"Account") you read and agreed with our Terms of Service and our Privacy and
Cookie Policy.

## 4\. Amendments to this EULA and the Game Rules

4.1 From time to time, we may need to amend this EULA for serious reasons, for
example to reflect new features and functionality in the Game or because of
changes in the law. If we make a change to this EULA, we will inform you via
email in advance of such changes thirty (30) days before such changes enter
into force and of your right not to accept them. The latest version of this
EULA will always be available on the Wargaming websites (the "Sites"). Please
make sure you check for updates to this EULA each time you use the Game.
Changes to this EULA shall not affect your accrued rights and shall not have
retroactive effect.

4.2 From time to time we may also need to amend the Game Rules for serious
reasons, for example to address issue that may arise in the Game or the way
that the Game is being played and to ensure that the Game continues to be
enjoyable for all users. If we make a change to these Game Rules, we will
inform you via email in advance of such changes thirty (30) days before such
changes enter into force and of your right not to accept them. The latest
version of the Game Rules will always be available on the Sites. Changes to
the Game Rules shall not affect your accrued rights and shall not have
retroactive effect.

## 5\. Using the Game

5.1 In return for your acceptance of this EULA, we give you the personal right
(known as a 'licence') during the time this EULA is in force between you and
us to download, install and play the Game.

5.2 This licence is:

    * (a) 'non-exclusive' (meaning that we can grant the same and similar licences to other people as well);
    * (b) 'revocable' (meaning that we can terminate this licence in certain circumstances, which are explained further below);
    * (c) 'personal' (meaning that you may not use the Game for any commercial purpose);
    * (d) 'non-transferable' (meaning that the licence is only for your benefit and you may not transfer or sub-licence any of the rights that we grant to you to any other person); and
    * (e) 'limited' (meaning that you can only use the Game for the purposes we set out in this EULA); and
    * (f) conditional on your compliance with this EULA.

## 6\. Technical Requirements

For using the Game you need certain hardware, software and capability
(including a suitable connection to the Internet).

## 7\. Patches, Updates and Changes

From time to time, we may need to deploy or provide patches, updates,
additional content or other modifications to the Game (for example to enhance
online gameplay, to add new or update features or to resolve software bugs).
You hereby accept, recognize and understand that we constantly work on further
development of the Game and Services, we improve, upgrade and update graphics,
features, gameplay and any other Content of the Game in order to make the
gameplay enjoyable for you.

## 8\. Intellectual Property

8.1 The Game, including the code, graphics, game play, user interface, audio
and other content, contain proprietary information and material that is
protected by copyright and other laws including but not limited to
intellectual property. You agree that we own or licence all of this
proprietary information and material and that you may not use or exploit any
of it without our permission.

8.2 "World of Tanks", "World of Warplanes", "World of Warships", "World of
Tanks Blitz", "Wargaming.net" and "Wargaming" and their respective logos are
trademarks or registered trademarks of Wargaming. You may not use or display
such trademarks in any manner, except as expressly set out in this EULA. All
third party trademarks and service marks that appear in the Game are the
property of their respective owners and all rights in them are reserved.

## 9\. Game Rules

9.1 The Game Rules set out how we expect you to behave when playing the Game.
Please review the Game Rules carefully before playing the Game. Please note
that 'role-playing' is not an excuse for contravening the Game Rules.

9.2 If you are in material breach with the Game Rules, then we may, at our
reasonably discretion depending on the seriousness of the breach take some or
all of the following actions:

    * (a) suspend your access to the "game chat" functionality in the Game for a short period of time;
    * (b) suspend your access to the "game chat" functionality in the Game for a longer period of time; and
    * (c) suspend or close your Account as provided in the Terms of Service.

If the breach is your first breach, if it is not flagrant, if it is capable of
cure, and if the circumstances allow us to do so, then we shall give you 14
(fourteen) calendar days prior written notice of the impending Account closure
to give you the opportunity to cure the breach during such time period. If we
suspend your Account, then during the period of that suspension you will not
be able to access your Account or use any of the Services. If we close your
Account, then you will never be able to access your Account and we may also
prohibit you from accessing or using the Services in future.

9.3 If we suspend your access to the 'game chat' functionality in the Game,
then during the period of that suspension you will be able to play the Game
and read the 'game chat' of other players, but will not be able to participate
in 'game chat'.

9.4 If you encounter another user who is contravening any of the Game Rules,
please report this activity to Wargaming using the "Help" or "Report Abuse"
functions in the Game if available, or otherwise contact Customer Support at
https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

## 10\. Epilepsy Warning

Certain people are susceptible to epileptic seizures or loss of consciousness
when exposed to certain flashing lights or light patterns in everyday life.
Such people may have a seizure while watching certain monitor images or
playing certain video games. This may happen even if the person has no medical
history of epilepsy or has never had any epileptic seizures. If you or anyone
in your family has ever had symptoms related to epilepsy (seizures or loss of
consciousness) when exposed to flashing lights, consult your doctor prior to
playing. We advise that parents should monitor the use of video games by their
children. If you or your child experience any of the following symptoms:
dizziness, blurred vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of consciousness,
disorientation, any involuntary movement or convulsion, while playing a video
game, IMMEDIATELY discontinue use of the video game and consult your doctor.
Please also note that when using a video game you should take certain standard
health and safety precautions, including avoiding playing the game when tired
and not had much sleep, taking 10 to 15 minute breaks every hour, sitting a
reasonable distance from the screen, and playing the game in a well-lit
environment.

## 11\. Warranties and Liability regarding the Game

11.1 We warrant that we have the right to enter this EULA and to grant you the
licences to use the Game set out in section 5 ("Using the Game");

11.2 We shall be liable for damages with respect to injuries to health, body
or life or for intentional damages caused by us, our representatives,
employees or our vicarious agents or according to the applicable law.

11.3 With respect to virtual goods that are purchased by you, we shall be
liable in addition to article 2 of the present section 11 for damages that
arise from the lack of a guaranteed characteristic or gross negligence of us,
our representatives, or designated agents.

11.4 And further liability of us shall be waived.

## 12\. Governing (Applicable) Law and Jurisdiction

12.1 This EULA and any dispute, claim or obligation (whether contractual or
non-contractual) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter
or formation shall be governed by the laws of Cyprus, unless otherwise
required by the law of the country where the user has his habitual residence.

12.2 We and you submit all the aforementioned disputes to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the country whose laws are applicable subject to article 1 of
the present section 12 "Governing (Applicable) Law and Jurisdiction".

## 13\. General

13.1 The EULA governs our relationship with you. It does not create any rights
for any other person, unless otherwise expressly stated in this EULA.

13.2 If any part of this EULA is held to be unenforceable, then it will not
affect the enforceability of any other part of this EULA. Also, we and you
agree to interpret the rest of this EULA in such a way as to reflect your and
our intentions in this EULA as far as possible.

13.3 If you or we fail to exercise (or delay exercising) any right which you
or we may have under this EULA, that failure or delay does not mean that we or
you lose that right. If we or you only partially exercise a right or only
exercise it once, that will not stop you or us from exercising it again in the
future.

## 14\. No Restriction of Consumers Rights

The provisions of this EULA do not exclude, limit or otherwise restrict the
rights vested with the consumers upon relevant provisions of applicable law
nor may be construed by anyone in this way.

## 15\. Contact Us

If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this EULA, please
contact us at https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

  * Privacy and Cookie Policy

## 1\. Introduction

    1. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy and Cookie Policy ("Policy") describes how we treat information that you provide to us or that we collect about you.
    2. By personal data, we refer to data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable person. Personal data include your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address, your age, your gender and your game preferences, a part of your credit card number. Anonymous information, which we are not in a position to relate to you, does not qualify as personal data.
    3. We may collect personal data as well as other information when you use the following services:
      * Our websites, including http://worldoftanks.eu, http://worldofwarplanes.eu, http://www.worldofwarships.eu, http://wargaming.net, http://console.worldoftanks.com, http://wotblitz.eu and any other Wargaming sites on which this Policy is posted (the "Sites").
      * Your creation and use of a Wargaming account on any of the Sites (an "Account"). For more information on Accounts and how to create an Account please see our Terms of Service.
      * Your use of any of our online and mobile games including, but not limited to, "World of Tanks", "World of Warplanes", "World of Warships", "World of Tanks" on Xbox 360 and Xbox One, or "World of Tanks Blitz" (the "Games" or individually a "Game"). Your use of each Game will be subject to the End User Licence Agreement (the "EULA") and the game rules (the "Game Rules") in respect of that Game. You can find links to the EULA and the Game Rules for our Games in our Terms of Service. Your use of any of the forums that we operate for the Games (the "Games Forums"). Your use of any of the Games Forums will be subject to the rules and guidelines applicable to the Games Forums (the "Forum Rules"). The Forum Rules are set out at:   
\- for World of Tanks:
http://forum.worldoftanks.eu/index.php?/forum-40/announcement-124-forum-rules/  
\- for World of Warplanes:
http://forum.worldofwarplanes.eu/index.php?/forum-21/announcement-17-forum-
rules/  
\- for World of Warships: http://forum.worldofwarships.eu/  
\- for World of Tanks Blitz:
http://forum.wotblitz.com/index.php?/forum-58/announcement-13-world-of-tanks-
blitz-game-rules/  
and constitute a part of Terms of Service.

      * Your use of any of our other products and services (including support services) which may be accessible via a third party platform, web application or social networking service (together the "Ancillary Services").   
In this Policy we refer to the Sites, the Account, the Games and the Ancillary
Services together as the "Services".

    4. Please read this Policy carefully. By starting using any of the Services, you accept the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not attempt to use the Services. By accepting this Policy, you signify your consent to the collection and other processing of your personal data in accordance with and for the purposes set out in this Policy.

## 2\. Who we are

We are

Wargaming Group Limited,  
105, Agion Omologiton Avenue,  
Nicosia 1080,  
Cyprus  
and for Xbox games we are  
Wargaming World Limited,  
105, Agion Omologiton Avenue,  
Nicosia 1080,Cyprus,

("Wargaming", "we", "our" and "us").

We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal data and other
information you provide to us or we collect about you in accordance with
applicable privacy and personal data protection laws.

## 3\. Information we may collect from you

When you use the Services we may collect the following categories of data:

When you create an Account, we collect and process the following "Account
Data":

    * Your first name and last name, your gender, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number, social network ID, address, user name, password. You may also choose to provide some other optional information about you.

When you purchase virtual items, virtual currency (so-called "gold") or time-
limited premium memberships with the credit card, we collect and process the
following "Payment Information":

    * Your credit card number (or a part of it), and information about your credit card issuer.

When you use the Services, we may collect and process the following "Tracking
Data":

    * Location information associated with your IP address when you visit our Sites or use a Game.
    * Information relating to your use of our Services including, but not limited to, information about when and how you use the Services and data traffic and recordings of the parts of the screen you click on while using our Services (so called "clickstreams").
    * Log files and statistics in relation to actions taken on our Sites and in the Games.
    * Technical information about any device that you use when you visit the Sites or use a Game, including your Media Access Control (MAC), Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent device identifier, your IP address and the browser you are using.

For the collection and processing of Tracking Data on the Sites we use
cookies. Their functionality and your options regarding their use are
explained in section 4 below.

When you use the Services, we may collect and process the following "Content
Data":

    * Information that you post in any of the Games Forums.
    * Information sent through the "game-chat" functionality in the Games,
    * Information you provide when you request information or support from us or purchase a product or service from us, including information necessary to process your orders with the relevant payment merchant which may include the amount of any transaction, but will not include your financial information which will only be submitted directly to the payment merchant under secure protocols.
    * Information other than the Account Data you provide to us when participating in competitions, contests and tournaments and responding to surveys.
    * Information relating to your profiles on social networking sites in order to allow integration with such social networking sites.

## 4\. Cookies

    1. The Sites use cookies and similar technologies that collect Tracking Data to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you access the Sites and use the Services.
    2. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that a website places on your computer or device when you visit a website. You are given the opportunity to consent to using of cookies or refuse from them as you enter our Sites. If you have opted out, we only use the strictly necessary cookies (as described below) and store one permanent ‘compliance’ cookie which tells us that you want to opt out of use of any other cookies. For more information about cookies, we recommend that you visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
    3. The cookies that are used on the Sites fall into the categories described below. These descriptions can help you determine if and how you would like to interact with our Sites and other online services:
      * Strictly necessary cookies   
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to navigate the Sites and
use certain features. Without these strictly necessary cookies, the online
services provided by the Sites cannot be provided. It is therefore not
possible for you to opt out of use of these cookies.  
In addition, the coding language the Sites are written in uses session cookies
and their use cannot be avoided. These are deleted each time you close your
browser. These cookies do not store any information about the visitor once the
browser is closed.

      * Performance cookies   
Our performance cookies collect anonymous information about how you use the
Sites and their features. For instance, our performance cookies collect
information about which pages on the Sites are visited most often, which
advertisements you view or interact with on the Sites or other websites on
which our advertisements appear and if you receive any error messages.

      * Analytics cookies   
The Sites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google,
Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed
on your computer, to help us analyse how users use the Sites. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites (including your IP
address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United
States. In case of activation of the IP anonymisation, Google will
truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the
European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European
Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent by us to
and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of us, Google will use
this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Sites,
compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services
relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not
associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  
The Sites may use other similar analytics cookies. These cookies are used to
collect information about how visitors use the Sites. The information is
collected anonymously, and used to report on the number of visitors to the
Sites, where the visitors have come from, and the pages they have visited.  
Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and
IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Further information can be found
under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html (Google Analytics Terms of
Service &amp; Privacy). Please note that on the Sites, Google Analytics code
is supplemented by "gat._anonymizeIp();" to ensure an anonymized collection of
IP addresses (so called IP-masking). Also, you can prevent Google Analytics to
collect such data on behalf of Wargaming by clicking on the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

      * Functionality cookies   
Functionality cookies are used to remember choices you make (such as language
preference, country location, or other online settings) and collect anonymous
information.

      * Targeting or advertising cookies   
Third-party targeted advertising cookies may be placed on your device by
third-party advertisers, ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and
other service providers.  
Third-party targeted advertising cookies collect information about your
browsing activity across multiple websites and online services (e.g., about
the sections of the websites you visit, the products you are interested in) in
order to provide you with relevant advertisements on the websites and online
services of third parties. Ad networks may share this information with the
advertisers using their network. The information collected using these third-
party advertising cookies does not disclose your identity, but will be used to
identify you across multiple websites. We can use third party advertising
services the list of which you can find
athttp://worldoftanks.eu/en/content/docs/disclosure. You can opt out from
their services via the instructions and/or links available at their websites
or by contacting them directly.

    4. If you wish to refuse the use of cookies by us or by third parties, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies. As the means by which you can do this varies from browser to browser, please visit your web browser's "Help" menu for further details. Please note that, should you choose to refuse the use of cookies by us, this might impair some of the functionality of the Sites and the Services.

## 5\. How we use your information

We may use the information that you provide to us or that we collect about you
for the following purposes:

    1. Provision of services. Account Data, Tracking Data and Content Data may be collected and processed by us to provide you with the Services that you request from us and to perform the respective EULA and Terms of Service accepted by you. Data collected for that purpose will only be kept as long as necessary to provide the requested Services, and to comply with applicable laws.
    2. Any data collected may be processed by us to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may be illegal, or that may violate the Terms of Service or Forum Rules, or that may violate the respective EULA or Game Rules in respect of any of the Games. Such data will be kept for a maximum duration of six months after the Account closure.
    3. Creation of additional promotion and advertising and creation of user profiles:
      * We may use the e-mail address registered to your Account to provide you with information about products and services related to our Services that you request from us, unless you choose to opt out from this service at the time your Account is created. You may also opt-out from use of your e-mail address for this purpose at any time, by sending an e-mail from the e-mail address registered to your Account to privacy@wargaming.net stating that you do not wish to receive such information. Alternatively, you may opt out by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us.
      * We may use Tracking Data to monitor, improve, or modify the Services and our operations.
      * We may create a "personal user profile" by connecting your Account Data with your Tracking Data for purposes of improving, or modifying the Services and our operations and, for our own promotions, advertising and market research.

## 6\. Sharing your information

    1. We will not share your personal data with anyone else unless in the following limited circumstances:
      * To the extent that we are required to do so by applicable law, by a governmental body or by a law enforcement agency, or for crime prevention purposes.
      * Where necessary to enforce the Terms of Service or Forum Rules, or the EULA or Game Rules in respect of any of the Games, to provide you with Services you request from us, to protect the safety of our users and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of other users and third parties, or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
      * We may disclose and allow access to information collected through our Services to facilitate the targeting, delivery, and measurement of advertising through and in connection with the Service: to facilitate the targeting, delivery, and measurement of online advertising on third-party services on our behalf; and otherwise to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to our users.
      * Where necessary to provide you with Services you request from us, we may share your personal data with third parties who provide services to us, including to countries outside the European Economic Area. You can find the list of such third parties at http://worldoftanks.eu/en/content/docs/disclosure.
    2. We may share anonymous information, i.e. information which does not directly or indirectly disclose your identity, and aggregated information (meaning information about groups and categories of users, including game statistics and behaviour, but which does not identify and that cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual user) with our advertising partners, the list of which you can also find at http://worldoftanks.eu/en/content/docs/disclosure. We may also allow our advertisers to collect anonymous information and aggregated information within the Services and they may then share that information with us. Our advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. This enables our advertisers to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Services and on the websites of third parties, so that they can try to serve you with advertisements for products and services that are most likely to be of interest to you. Advertisers will also use this information to monitor, improve, or modify their operations.

## 7\. Children

We recognise that we have a special obligation to protect personal information
obtained from children. We will not knowingly collect personal information
from any child, or process such information, without parental consent. For the
purpose of this Policy, a child means any individual who is under the age of
18 (or the minimum legal age to consent to the collection and processing of
personal information where this is different under applicable law).

## 8\. Security

    1. We take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Our employees, contractors and agents may be given access to your personal information which we collect, but their use shall be limited to the performance of their duties in relation to facilitating your use of the Services. Our employees, contractors and agents who have access to your personal information are required to keep that information confidential and are not permitted to use it for any purposes other than those listed above or to deal with requests which you submit to us. 
    2. We have implemented all reasonable technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect the security of your information.

## 9\. Third party sites

The Services may contain links to other websites operated and services
provided by third parties, including those retailers you enter into a
transaction with. Please note that this Policy applies only to the personal
information that we collect through the Services and we cannot be responsible
for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use through
their websites or their services. You should always read the privacy policy of
each website you visit carefully.

## 10\. Your rights

In addition to your opt-out right under section 4.2, you may exercise the
following rights at any time:

    * You may ask us to provide you with copies of the personal information that we hold about you, or with information about the processing of such information.
    * You may ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal information that we hold about you.

If you wish to exercise any of these rights, then please contact us at
privacy@wargaming.net. If you ask us to delete personal information about you
then we may retain an archived copy of this information if required to do so
by law.

## 11\. Changes to this Policy

We may change this Policy from time to time for various reasons such as
changes to reflect in law and regulation, changes in industry practices and
technological developments. In case you have a registered Account, you will be
notified of any changes of this Policy via e-mail to the e-mail address
related to your Account. The latest version of this Policy will always be
available on the Sites. Any new version of this Policy shall take effect (i)
immediately upon the date of your receipt of the notification e-mail where the
changes to this Policy relate to non-material changes which do not reduce your
rights; or (ii) no less than thirty (30) days after your receipt of the
notification e-mail where the changes to this Policy potentially reduce your
rights; or (iii) in case you do not have a registered Account, the moment they
are uploaded to our Services.

## 12\. Questions and comments

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at
privacy@wargaming.net.

  * Terms of Service

Last updated: February 2,2016

## 1\. Introduction

1.1 These Terms of Service govern the relationship between you and

Wargaming Group Limited, 105, Agion Omologiton Avenue, Nicosia 1080, Cyprus,
or any one of its affiliated entities, including Wargaming World Limited, 105,
Agion Omologiton Avenue, Nicosia 1080, Cyprus, for Xbox® games and
PlayStation®4 games ("Wargaming", "we", "our" and "us") in relation to:

    * a) our websites: worldoftanks.com, worldofwarplanes.com, worldofwarships.com, console.worldoftanks.com, wotblitz.com (each a "Site"); 
    * b) any of our online, mobile and browser games including, but not limited to, "World of Tanks", "World of Warplanes", "World of Warships", "World of Tanks" on Xbox® 360 and Xbox® One, "World of Tanks" on PlayStation®4, or "World of Tanks Blitz" (each a "Game"); and
    * c) any of our other products and services (including support services) which may be accessible via a third party platform, web application or social networking service (together the "Ancillary Services").

1.2 These Terms of Service also govern the relationship between you and us
regarding your use of any of the forums that we operate for the Games (the
"Games Forums"). The rules and guidelines applicable to the Games Forums (the
"Forum Rules") are set out at
http://forum.worldoftanks.eu/index.php?/forum-40/announcement-124-forum-rules
and form part of these Terms of Service.

1.3 In these Terms of Service we refer to the Games, the Games Forums and the
Ancillary Services together as the "Services".

## 2\. Users under the Age of 18

2.1 If you are under the age of eighteen (18), please ask your parent or
guardian to read and accept these Terms of Service on your behalf before you
use the Services. If you (or, if applicable, your parent or guardian) do not
agree to these Terms of Service, then you may not use or access the Services
or any part thereof. By signing up for an Account (see below, section 5 "Your
Wargaming Account"), you represent and warrant that you are a "natural person"
who is over the age of eighteen (18) or whose legal guardian have accepted and
agreed to these Terms of Service.

2.2 You agree that you will not knowingly allow any individual under the age
of eighteen (18) to use or access the Services without a parent or legal
guardian supervising him or her.

## 3\. Amendments to the Terms of Service and the Forum Rules

3.1 From time to time, we may need to amend these Terms of Service, for
example to reflect or include new products or services, to enhance security
for our users or because of changes in the law. Also, we may from time to time
need to amend the Forum Rules for serious reasons, for example to ensure that
the Games Forums operate smoothly and to reflect the needs of the community
using the Games Forums. If we make such a change to these Terms of Service
and/or to the Forum Rules, we will inform you of the particular changes in
advance via e-mail no later than thirty (30) calendar days before such changes
come into force and that you shall be deemed to have accepted these changes
(i) unless you have notified us of your objection to such changes within
thirty (30) calendar days from the moment of receipt the e-mail notification
from us, or (ii) if you use the Services after the changes have entered into
force. In the e-mail notification, we will inform you of your right to object,
of the applicable notice period and the legal consequences of a failure to
object.

3.2 In case you object to any changes as set out in article 1 of this present
section 3 "Amendments to the Terms of Service and the Forum Rules", the
previous version of the respective Terms of Service and/or Forum Rules shall
continue to apply. However, in that case we have the right to close your
Account and terminate these Terms of Service with fourteen (14) calendar days’
notice. In case of such termination, you are entitled to a refund according to
article 2 of section 13 "Suspension and Closure of Your Account / Termination
of these Terms of Service".

3.3 The latest version of these Terms of Service and of the Forum Rules will
always be available on the Sites, so we recommend that you check for updates
to these Terms of Service and to the Forum Rules each time you use the
Services. Changes to the Terms of Service and/or the Forum Rules shall not
affect your accrued rights, shall not substantially disrupt the contractual
balance between you and us under these Terms of Service and shall not have
retroactive effect.

## 4\. The Terms of Service, the Privacy and Cookie Policy and the End User
Licence Agreement

4.1 Our Privacy and Cookie Policy sets out how we will respect your privacy
and how we use data collected by the Services.

4.2 In order to access and use any of our Games, in addition to accepting
these Terms of Service and the Privacy and Cookie Policy, you must also accept
the End User Licence Agreement (the "EULA") applicable to the relevant Game
together with the game rules applicable to the relevant Game (the "Game
Rules"). We set out here the link to the EULA.

You must also accept and comply with all rules of external platforms
applicable to specific Game, including but not limited to, Xbox® Games and
other Xbox® services rules, PlayStation®4 licences and other Sony rules, Apple
Appstore and Game Center rules, and Google PlayTM rules. Any breach of any
rules of the external platforms shall also be regarded as a fundamental breach
of the Terms of Service by you.

4.3 If you do not want to accept the Terms of Service or the Privacy and
Cookie Policy, then you may not use or access any of the Services. If you do
not accept the EULA and the Game Rules applicable to a Game, then you may not
download or use that Game.

## 5\. Your Wargaming Account

### Creating an Account

5.1 In order to use the Services, you will need to create a Wargaming account
(an "Account").

5.2 To create an Account, you must have an e-mail address and will be required
to provide certain information. The details of the information that you need
to provide are set out in our Privacy and Cookie Policy. It is important that
you provide this information truthfully and accurately, so that we have
correct details about you and your Account.

5.3 When creating an Account you will also be required to provide a 'user
name' and/or 'persona' to represent you in a Game and on our Sites. User names
and personas are tied to your Account (meaning they cannot be transferred to
anyone else). You may not use a user name or persona that is used by someone
else, is vulgar or offensive, or otherwise breaches these Terms of Service. If
you have questions about Account registration, please contact us at
https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

5.4 Specifically, in order to use the Services for Xbox® 360 or Xbox® One
Games, you will need to visit the site and sign in using your Microsoft Xbox®
Live ID credentials. The Account will be automatically created using your
Microsoft Xbox® Live ID credentials (e-mail and nick name (gamertag)).

In cases, including some iOS and Android Games you may also log in through
some third party system, if expressly permitted in the Game.

To access the Services for PlayStation®4 Games, you need to have a Sony
Entertainment Network account.

5.5 Also, if expressly permitted by Wargaming, a "demo account" is possible in
certain Games. In this case, you receive no separate username or password. The
authorization for the Game is made through the specific technical device
(mobile phone, tablet, etc.) that you use.

However, you are strongly advised to set up a standard Account in accordance
with the above provisions. If a "demo account" is used, we are not responsible
to keep your progress in the Game, ensure availability of game items and
Virtual Goods or safety of any monetary or valuable assets in the Account.
Cases when an Account and all connected assets may be lost entirely include
the loss of the technical device, loss of password or any unauthorized
modification of the operating system ("jailbreaking") or of the software.

### Account Sharing

5.6 You must keep all information relating to your Account confidential. At no
time should you disclose your Account ID or password, secret question or
answer to anyone. This includes your friends, children, spouses, co-workers,
clan members, and/or clan leaders.

5.7 You may, under circumstances, be responsible for the conduct and actions
using your Account and for all breaches of these Terms of Service committed by
using your Account which are due your culpable omissions or conduct as regards
your Account information. We shall have no liability to you for any loss or
damage arising from any unauthorised use of your Account or any unauthorised
access, use, alteration, modification and/or disclosure of your personal
information based on your culpable omissions or conduct as regards your
Account information.

### Security of Your Account

5.8 You must ensure that you secure your Account, computer, mobile phone or
other device from third party access. Please notify us immediately at
https://eu.wargaming.net/support/ if you become aware of:

    * a) any unauthorised use of your Account or any other breach of security; or
    * b) any hacking tools being used or that might be used in relation to the Services.

5.9 We have implemented physical, electronic and managerial procedures in
order to help safeguard and prevent unauthorised access, use, alteration,
modification and/or disclosure of your personal information. Although we use
reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of your personal information,
transmissions made on or through the Internet and personal information stored
on our servers or the servers of third parties that we use are vulnerable to
attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure. In addition, submissions made by
e-mail are not protected by encryption and are vulnerable to interception
during transmission.

## 6\. Charges and Billing

6.1 You do not have to pay any registration or subscription fees to create an
Account. However, some of the Services may require you to pay a fee. If you
decide to subscribe to any such Services, you must ensure that:

    * a) you are either over the age of eighteen (18) or, if you are under the age of eighteen (18), that your parent or guardian has agreed to and accepted the respective purchase and these Terms of Service on your behalf; 
    * b) you are the authorised Account holder for the Account from which you are subscribing to the Services;
    * c) you are authorised to use the particular credit card or other accepted method of payment;
    * d) all information that you submit is true and accurate (this includes, without limitation, your credit card number and expiration date, so it is important to keep these details updated); and
    * e) you agree to pay all the fees that you incur, unless and until you close your Account and terminate these Terms of Service in accordance with these Terms of Service.

6.2 Any applicable fees and other charges on your Account for Services fully
provided by us are not refundable, except as set forth in these Terms of
Service, or as it is required under the applicable law.

6.3 Please remember that your Account is personal to you and cannot be
transferred or traded with any other user.

6.4 IF YOU ARE PLAYING OUR GAMES ON EXTERNAL PLATFORMS SUCH AS MICROSOFT
XBOX®, SONY PLAYSTATION®, APPLE IOS OR GOOGLE ANDROIDTM, YOU MUST ALSO COMPLY
WITH ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET BY THOSE THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS. THE CHARGING
AND BILLING IN SUCH GAMES ARE SUBJECT TO RULES OF THE THOSE PLATFORMS.
WARGAMING DISCLAIMES ANY LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE FOR SUCH PLATFORMS’ ACTIONS.

## 7\. Content

7.1 The Services contain a lot of content, including, but not limited to
software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets,
messages, links, e-mails, music, sound, graphics, pictures or video materials,
as well as the design and appearance of our Sites and the Games (the
"Content"). Some parts of the Content may only be accessible online and/or
require using keys or codes, serial codes and/or online authentication of any
kind and in-game achievements in order to be unlocked.

7.2 The Content and all of the intellectual property rights in the Content are
owned by us (or by our affiliates and partners as applicable). However, during
the time these Terms of Service are in force between you and us, we grant you
a personal right (known as a 'licence') to use the Content in connection with
your access and use of the Services. This licence is:

    * a) 'non-exclusive' (meaning that we can grant the same and similar licences to other people as well); 
    * b) 'revocable' (meaning that we can terminate this licence in certain circumstances, which are explained further below); 
    * c) 'personal' (meaning that you may not use the Content for any commercial purpose);
    * d) 'non-transferable' (meaning that the licence is only for your benefit and you may not transfer or sub-licence any of the rights that we grant to you to any other person);
    * e) 'limited' (meaning that you can only use the Content for the purposes we set out in these Terms of Service); and
    * f) conditional on your compliance with these Terms of Service, Game Rules, Forum Rules and the EULA.

7.3 Unless and to the extent that we have expressly authorised you in writing,
you must not:

    * a) copy or download any Content from the Service or any part thereof (except as part of the proper use or operation of the Services);
    * b) distribute, publicly perform or display, lease, sell, transmit, transfer, publish, edit, copy, create derivative works from, rent, sub-license, distribute, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise make unauthorized use of the Content;
    * c) make any commercial use (i.e. for profit) of any Content; or 
    * d) remove, obscure, or alter copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to the Content.

7.4 Wargaming will do its best to make the Content available to you as a part
of your enjoyment of the Services, but this is subject to some rules which we
need in order to ensure efficient running of the Services:

    * a) we can only make the Content available to you if it is legal for you to have access to the Content in your home country;
    * b) you may only obtain the Content from us (or from any person that we authorise for this purpose) and you must not obtain Content from any other person or attempt to do so;
    * c) we reserve the right to refuse your request(s) to acquire the Content, and we also reserve the right to limit or block any request to acquire or obtain Content at our reasonable discretion, in particular insofar as there are technical issues and/or legal restrictions e.g. under copyright law, criminal law, youth protection law etc.;
    * d) we do not guarantee that any of the Content will be available at all times, in all countries and/or all geographic locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer any particular Content for any particular period of time (unless we expressly say otherwise as part of the Services); 
    * e) the Content you have access to is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable for other Content or for cash, or other goods or services, unless otherwise provided in the present Terms of Service or as permitted in the Services; and
    * f) we may have to change or update the Content from time to time, but we will post details of any changes in the news section of the relevant Site(s). 

## 8\. Virtual Goods

8.1 The Services may permit you to purchase virtual items, virtual currency
(so-called "Gold") or time-limited premium memberships (virtual items, virtual
currency and premium memberships together "Virtual Goods").

8.2 The following provisions apply to the purchase of Virtual Goods. To
purchase Virtual Goods, you need to have an Account.

    * a) To conduct a purchase of Virtual Goods at the Site, you have to click on the "Get Gold" button. Once you get to our premium shop you can then choose the Virtual Goods, which you would like to purchase. The respective price in Euro, US-Dollar or the currency applicable to your region, for the Virtual Good you would like to purchase, will be displayed. You then may choose a payment method and enter your respective payment details. The total amount of a purchase may be adjusted by adding a fee, if any, applicable to the payment method you selected and for mandatory tax payments, if any, required by law. If adjusted, the total amount of the purchase will be recalculated automatically and displayed before you confirm the purchase. If your payment is in a currency other than that of the purchase amount shown on the website, the exchange rate applied on the payment date will depend on the selected payment method.
    * b) Before you confirm your purchase by clicking on the "Purchase Now" button (or a likewise conspicuously labelled button concluding the purchase process), or by fulfilling another action required (e.g. sending a message, etc.), you will have the opportunity to review your purchase details, i.e. the particular Virtual Goods including its amount, if applicable, and respective total price including all taxes, and to correct any errors. To correct any errors you should go back to our premium shop, e.g. by clicking on the "Back" button of your browser.
    * c) By clicking the "Purchase Now" button (or the likewise conspicuously labelled button concluding the purchase process), or by fulfilling another action required (e.g. sending a message, etc.), you are sending an order to us to purchase the confirmed amount of Virtual Goods. If you have provided valid payment details within your Account, we will process your order. You will be notified of our acceptance or denial of your order by us on your screen within a few minutes from the moment of clicking the "Purchase Now" button (or the likewise conspicuously labelled button concluding the purchase process) or fulfilling the respective other action required (e.g. sending a message, etc.).
    * d) In case we accept your order, we will directly thereafter credit the purchased Virtual Goods to your Account and we will charge you via the selected payment method. You will also receive a confirmation of your purchase via e-mail, containing the contract details (the "Purchase Contract") and these Terms of Service. Other than that, we will not store the Purchase Contract text and wording and it will not be accessible to you after conclusion of the Purchase Contract. 
    * e) The Purchase Contract will be concluded in the language of the country where you live, or in the English language, unless otherwise provided under the applicable consumer protection law.

8.3 We set out below the rules that apply to Virtual Goods:

    * a) Virtual Goods may only be redeemed for other Virtual Goods where permitted in the Services;
    * b) once you have purchased Virtual Goods, those Virtual Goods are non-refundable and non-exchangeable (whether or not you use them), except as set forth in these Terms of Service, or as it is required under the applicable law;
    * c) Virtual Goods cannot be sold or transferred to anyone, but you may buy Virtual Goods for another user of a Game through the gift shop applicable to that Game; 
    * d) Virtual Goods cannot be exchanged for cash or any goods or services (except other Virtual Goods as permitted in the Services);
    * e) we do not make any promises about how or when Virtual Goods may be available for purchase and can update or change Virtual Goods available for purchase at any time;
    * f) you may only acquire Virtual Goods from us (or from any person that we authorise for this purpose) or from another user of the Game as a gift through the gift shop applicable to that Game, and you must not obtain Virtual Goods from any other person or in any other way or attempt to do so; and
    * g) we may limit or block a request to acquire Virtual Goods for any reason.

8.4 Information concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal

Right of Withdrawal

    * You have the right to withdraw from any Purchase Contract within 14 calendar days without giving any reason. The withdrawal period will expire after 14 calendar days from the day of the conclusion of the Purchase Contract.    
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us,  
Wargaming Group Limited  
105, Agion Omologiton Avenue, Nicosia 1080, Cyprus  
e-mail: wf@wargaming.net  
phone: +357 22 864444  
fax: +357 22 864454  
of your decision to withdraw from a Purchase Contract by an unequivocal
statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail). You may use the model
withdrawal form you find under
http://content.wargaming.net/Withdrawal%20Form.docx, but it is not obligatory.

    * You can also electronically fill in and submit a withdrawal form on our website via this link: https://eu.wargaming.net/support/kb/articles/600. If you use this option, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a withdrawal on a durable medium (e.g. by e-mail) without delay.
    * To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.

Effects of withdrawal

    * If you withdraw from the Purchase Contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you under this Purchase Contract, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 calendar days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this Purchase Contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.
    * If you requested to begin the performance of services under a Purchase Contract during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated us your withdrawal from that Purchase Contract, in comparison with the full coverage of these services under the Purchase Contract.
    * You lose your right of withdrawal, insofar as the Purchase Contract is a service contract, after the service has been fully performed and if the performance has begun with the your prior express consent, and with the acknowledgement that you will lose your right of withdrawal once the service has been fully performed by us.
    * You lose your right of withdrawal insofar as the Purchase Contract comprises the supply of digital content which is not supplied on a tangible medium if the performance has begun with your prior express consent and your acknowledgment that you thereby lose your right of withdrawal.

Based on the aforesaid you understand that by purchasing Virtual Goods, you
consent that we make available these Virtual Goods to you directly after we
have accepted your order. You will lose your right of withdrawal once the
Virtual Goods have been made fully available to you by us. However, your right
of withdrawal is not lost if you purchase Virtual Goods that are granted to
you for a certain period of time (e.g. time-limited premium memberships).

8.5 Please note that due to technical limitations we cannot warrant that
payments made by you via a specific payment method will be reimbursed to you
via that same payment method:

You agree that reimbursements for such payments can be facilitated by us via
another, common means of payment, e.g. via transfer of money to your bank
account, in case reimbursements via these payment methods are technically
impossible. In any case, you will not incur any fees as a result of such
reimbursement.

8.6 Applicable consumer protection law, in particular your right of withdrawal
under article 4 of section 8 "Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency", will not in
any way be restricted by the present Terms of Service.

8.7 The following rules apply in regard to the gifts made through the Premium
Shop:

    * a) As of the latest ToS update, gifts are only available in World of Tanks and World of Warplanes. Please check for updates. 
    * b) Please note that gifts can be made within the same game server region only, i.e. gifts from an account on the EU server cannot be made to players on the North America server. 
    * c) Within 24 hours after a gift is sent, the recipient will receive a notification via email. To receive a gift, the recipient must go to the My Gifts page in the Premium Shop and accept the gift.
    * d) A recipient may accept or decline a gift. A recipient has 30 days to accept a gift. If it is not accepted within this period, the sender will automatically receive compensation to their account as in-game currency equal to the price of the gift as at the time of purchase.
    * e) Within 24 hours after a recipient accepts or declines a gift, the sender will receive a notification via email.
    * f) If a recipient of a gift already owns a vehicle included in the gift, that vehicle's full cost in gold as at the time of purchase in the Premium Shop will be automatically compensated to the recipient. The vehicle will not be transferred to the recipient's account.
    * g) Any vehicles sent as a gift will be transferred together with a corresponding Garage Slot.
    * h) If the sender of a gift cancels the payment or fails to pay after the recipient accepts the gift, both accounts will be blocked until the circumstances are clarified. Please do not accept gifts from unknown senders.

## 9\. Fan Websites

9.1 This section relates to any fan website that you may create regarding any
of our Games ("Fansites" and each a "Fansite").

9.2 At some of our Sites we expressly designate certain Content such as
Wargaming game-related images, graphics or artwork and trade marks as being
"for fansite use" (for example see: http:///worldoftanks.eu/news/943-world-
tanks-fankit). In these Terms of Service we refer to this specifically
designated Content as "Fansite Content".

9.3 We grant you a non-exclusive, revocable, personal, non-transferable and
limited licence (as these terms are defined in article 2 of section 7
"Content" above) to reproduce and redistribute Fansite Content on Fansites.
This licence is conditional upon you complying with the following provisions:

    * a) you acknowledge and agree that we retain ownership of the Fansite Content and have the right to amend, delete, add to or otherwise modify any of it at any time;
    * b) you agree to include Wargaming's trade mark, copyright or other proprietary rights notices when displaying Fansite Content if we request you to do so and in the manner that we request you to do so;
    * c) you agree to comply with any usage guidelines that we may provide to you from time to time;
    * d) you shall not remove or alter any identifying information or copyright management information conveyed in connection with copies of Fansite Content, including in digital form, nor challenge Wargaming's ownership (or the ownership of any third party) of the Fansite Content;
    * e) you shall not use or adopt any trademarks that might be confusingly similar to any Fansite Content;
    * f) the Fansite will not post material that is disparaging, illegal or infringes on the rights of any third party or that damages (or that might damage) the reputation of Wargaming or of any of the Games; 
    * g) except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Service, you shall not rent, lease, reproduce, modify, translate the Fansite Content, or make an adaptation of (including without limitation fiction or visual art), or in any way exploit, any of the Content without our express written permission; and
    * h) you must not make, or seek to make, any commercial use or profit out of the Fansite Content (including for example by selling subscriptions to your Fansite) without our prior written consent.

9.4 If you fail to comply with any of the terms set out in this section, we
reserve the right to terminate your licence over the Fansite Content and also
to close your Account in accordance with section 13 "Suspension and Closure of
Your Account / Termination of these Terms of Service".

## 10\. User Generated Content

10.1 Some Services permit you to create or upload content which you have
created (which we refer to in these Terms of Service as "User Generated
Content" or "UGC"). UGC includes, for example: Account personas, forum posts,
chat posts, voice chat, messenger type features, profile content and any other
Content contributed by users to or on Services.

10.2 Users of the Services create, download and use User Generated Content at
their own risk. If you upload or make available to other users your UGC via
our Services, we do not control, monitor, endorse or own your UGC, and you are
commissioning us to host and make available such UGC on our Services and grant
to us a respective limited, non-exclusive and revocable license.

10.3 In relation to any User Generated Content which you create or wish to
make available to other users, you agree to and comply with the following
terms and conditions:

    * a) any part of the UGC which comprises or incorporates any of our intellectual property rights remains our property;
    * b) you must not upload any UGC that belongs to anyone else unless you have the respective right owner’s authorisation to do so; 
    * c) you must not upload any UGC that infringes the intellectual property rights or privacy or any other rights of anyone else or which is illegal or breaches these Terms of Service;
    * d) you waive and agree not to assert any moral rights or similar rights you may have in UGC against us;
    * e) you are solely responsible for your UGC; we do not pre-screen all UGC and do not endorse, approve, or pre-screen any UGC that you and other users may contribute to Services;
    * f) you must not in any way claim or suggest that any UGC is endorsed, supported by, or affiliated with us;
    * g) the UGC must comply with all relevant legislation and must not contain any material which may be considered offensive, defamatory, illegal or which could cause any reputational loss or embarrassment to us;
    * h) if you create any UGC, you are responsible and liable for it; we may, under circumstances, not bear any liability or responsibly for UGC, nor do we provide any support for UGC; 
    * i) if we believe that your use or uploading of UGC breaches any of these conditions, then Wargaming may remove, block, edit, move or disable such UGC; and
    * j) if you contravene any of these conditions, we reserve the right to suspend or permanently remove availability of your UGC and to take any other steps which we consider appropriate.

## 11\. Feedback and User Submissions

11.1 We are always pleased to hear from our users and welcome specific
comments about our Services. Unfortunately, however, our long-standing company
policy does not allow us to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or
materials other than those we have specifically requested. The aim of this
policy is to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects
that we develop might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work.
Accordingly, we must, regretfully, ask that you do not send us any original
creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information
such as game ideas or original artwork ("Submissions").

11.2 Any and all Submissions that you send to us, whether at our specific
request or notwithstanding our request that you do not do so, shall be deemed,
and shall remain, our property from the time of uploading or transmission.

## 12\. Forum Rules

12.1 The Forum Rules set out how we expect you to behave when using any of the
Games Forums. Please review the Forum Rules carefully before using any of the
Games Forums.

12.2 If you contravene the Forum Rules, then we may take some or all of the
following actions (depending on the seriousness of the breach) without any
notice to you:

    * a) we may restrict your access to the Games Forums to read-only status for a short period of time; 
    * b) we may restrict your access to the Games Forums to read-only status for a longer period of time; 
    * c) we may restrict your access to the Games Forums to read-only status permanently; and
    * d) we may suspend or close your Account and terminate these Terms of Service as provided in section 13 "Suspension and Closure of Your Account / Termination of these Terms of Service".

12.3 If we restrict your access to the Games Forums to read-only status, then
during the period of that restriction you will be able to view the Games
Forums but will not be able to post comments to the Games Forums.

12.4 If you encounter another user who is contravening any of the Forum Rules,
please report this activity to us using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions
in the relevant Games Forum if available, or otherwise contact Customer
Support at https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

## 13\. Suspension and Closure of Your Account / Termination of these Terms of
Service

### Termination for Cause

13.1 Our and your statutory rights to close your Account and terminate these
Terms of Service for good cause remain unaffected by these Terms of Service.

13.2 If such a termination for cause is prompted by a breach of a contractual
obligation under these Terms of Service from our side, you are entitled to (i)
a refund for any payments made by you for Gold that at the time of termination
has not been used by you in exchange for other Virtual Goods; and (ii) a pro-
rata refund of payments for any premium membership active for your Account at
the time of termination. Other than that, you will not be entitled to any
refunds or compensation.

### Suspension or termination by Wargaming

13.3 If you are in material breach of these Terms of Service or EULA, then we
may, at our reasonable discretion depending on the seriousness of the breach,
take some or all of the following actions:

    * a) suspend your Account for a short period of time;
    * b) suspend your Account for a longer period of time; and
    * c) close your Account and terminate these Terms of Service.

If the breach of these Terms of Service is your first breach, if it is not
flagrant, if it is capable of cure, and if the circumstances allow us to do
so, then we shall give you fourteen (14) calendar days prior written notice of
the impending Account closure to give you the opportunity to cure the breach
during such time period.

If we suspend your Account, then during the period of that suspension you will
not be able to access your Account or use any of the Services. If we close
your Account and terminate these Terms of Service, then you will never be able
to access your Account and we may also prohibit you from accessing or using
the Services in future.

13.4 We can also suspend your access to the 'game chat' functionality in the
Game, and if we do that, then during the period of that suspension you will be
able to play the Game and read the 'game chat' of other players, but will not
be able to participate in 'game chat'.

13.5 We will only close your Account and terminate these Terms of Service in
very serious circumstances where we consider that a suspension is not
sufficient. For example, this might include a very serious contravention of
these Terms of Service, the Forum Rules, or the Privacy and Cookie Policy or
where you have contravened these Terms of Service, the Forum Rules, the
Privacy and Cookie Policy or any of them on numerous occasions. The same may
apply for very serious contravention or contraventions on numerous occasions
against (i) a EULA, or (ii) specific Game Rules, which you accepted when
installing the Game.

13.6 If you believe that we have suspended or closed your Account in error,
please contact Customer Support at https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

## 14\. Your Right to close Your Account and terminate these Terms of Service
without cause

14.1 You may close your Account and terminate these Terms of Service without
cause at any time by contacting Customer Support at
https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

14.2 Important note: Any Virtual Goods you purchase from us are directly
linked to the existence of your Account. If you decide to close your Account
and terminate these Terms of Service without cause, you will lose any Virtual
Goods accessible from that Account at the time of the termination. You will
then only be entitled to a pro-rata refund of payments for any premium
membership active for your Account at the time of termination. Other than
that, you will not be entitled to any refunds or compensation.

14.3 This present section 14 "Your Right to close your Account and terminate
these Terms Of Service without Cause" does not limit your statutory rights of
withdrawal under article 4 of section 8 "Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency".

## 15\. Nature of Services

You hereby accept, recognize and understand that we constantly work on further
development of the Game and Services, we improve, upgrade and update graphics,
features, gameplay and any other Content of the Game in order to make the
gameplay enjoyable for you.

## 16\. Links to Third Party Sites

The Services may include hyperlinks to web sites operated by third parties
including advertisers and other content providers. Those sites may collect
data or solicit personal information from you. We do not control such web
sites, and are not responsible for their content, privacy policies, or for the
collection, use or disclosure of any information those sites may collect.

## 17\. Beta Tests

17.1 We may give you the opportunity to beta test new games and features of
the Sites. Your participation as a beta tester is subject to the following
terms and conditions.

17.2 Closed beta tests are confidential. The beta games, including information
about features and functionality to be offered as part of the games, are
confidential. If you participate in a closed beta test, you must safeguard and
prevent unauthorised access to, copying, disclosure, and unauthorised use of
the beta games. You will carry out the testing personally and not provide
access to beta games to any other person. Your obligation to keep the beta
games confidential will continue until we publicly distribute, or otherwise
disclose to the public through no fault of yours, each of the games and the
content that you are testing.

17.3 As a beta tester, you are invited to play beta games for the sole purpose
of evaluating the games and identifying errors. Nothing in these Terms of
Service or the Sites shall be construed as granting you any rights or
privileges of any kind with respect to the beta games. The beta games are
provided for testing on an "as is" basis and we make no warranty to you of any
kind, express or implied.

17.4 When playing certain beta games, you may accumulate treasure, experience
points, equipment, or other value or status indicators. We may reset this data
when the relevant game completes this testing phase or at any time during the
testing process. In this case, all player history and data will be erased and
each player will return to novice status.

17.5 By starting a beta game, you agree that:

    * a) playing the beta game is at your own risk and that you know that the beta game may include known or unknown bugs;
    * b) any value or status indicators that you achieve through the gameplay may be erased at any time;
    * c) we have no obligation to make this beta game available for play without charge for any period of time, nor to make them available at all;
    * d) this beta game may be available only by subscription once the testing process is complete or at any time in the future;
    * e) these Terms of Service apply to your use of the beta game during the testing phase; and
    * f) if the beta test is a closed beta test, you will keep all information about the beta game confidential as stated above and not disclose such information to any other person.

## 18\. Epilepsy Warning

Certain people are susceptible to epileptic seizures or loss of consciousness
when exposed to certain flashing lights or light patterns in everyday life.
Such people may have a seizure while watching certain monitor images or
playing certain video games. This may happen even if the person has no medical
history of epilepsy or has never had any epileptic seizures. If you or anyone
in your family has ever had symptoms related to epilepsy (seizures or loss of
consciousness) when exposed to flashing lights, consult your doctor prior to
playing. We advise that parents should monitor the use of video games by their
children. If you or your child experience any of the following symptoms:
dizziness, blurred vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of consciousness,
disorientation, any involuntary movement or convulsion, while playing a video
game, IMMEDIATELY discontinue use of the video game and consult your doctor.
Please also note that when using a video game you should take certain standard
health and safety precautions, including avoiding playing the game when tired
and not had much sleep, taking 10 to 15 minute breaks every hour, sitting a
reasonable distance from the screen, and playing the game in a well-lit
environment.

## 19\. Warranties and Liability Regarding the Services

### Our Warranties

19.1 We warrant that we have the right to enter the Terms of Service and to
grant you the licences to use the Services set out in section 7 "CONTENT".

### Our Liability

19.2 We shall be liable for damages with respect to injuries to health, body
or life or for intentional damages caused by us, our representatives,
employees or our vicarious agents or in any other cases according to the
applicable law.

19.3 Unless otherwise provided under the applicable law, in addition to
article 2 of the present section 19 "Warranties and Liability regarding the
Services", with respect to Virtual Goods, we shall be liable for damages that
arise from the lack of a guaranteed characteristic or gross negligence of us,
our representatives, or vicarious agents.

19.4 Any further liability of us shall be waived to the broadest extent as
permitted by relevant provisions of applicable law.

## 20\. Governing (Applicable) Law and Jurisdiction

20.1 These Terms of Service and any dispute, claim or obligation (whether
contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in connection with it or its
subject matter or formation shall be governed by the laws of Cyprus, unless
otherwise required by the law of the country where the user has his habitual
residence.

20.2 We and you submit all the aforementioned disputes to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the country whose laws are applicable subject to article 1 of
the present section 20 "Governing (Applicable) Law and Jurisdiction".

## 21\. Copyright and Trade Mark Notices

"World of Tanks", "World of Warplanes", "World of Warships", "World of Tanks
Blitz", "Wargaming.net" and "Wargaming" and their respective logos are
trademarks or registered trade marks of Wargaming. You may not use or display
such trademarks in any manner, except as expressly set out in these Terms of
Service. All third party trademarks and service marks that appear in the Games
are the property of their respective owners and all rights in them are
reserved.

## 22\. No Restriction of Consumers Rights

The provisions of these Terms of Service do not exclude, limit or otherwise
restrict the rights vested with the consumers upon relevant provisions of
applicable law nor may be construed by anyone in this way.

## 23\. Contact Us

If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding these Terms of
Service, please contact us at https://eu.wargaming.net/support/.

  * Clan Rules

By creating/joining and/or managing a clan, players of the World of Tanks and
World of Warplanes understand, accept and agree that all the rules,
agreements, policies and other documents adopted by the players when
registered (created accounts) in World of Tanks and World of Warplanes
(hereinafter referred to as the "User Agreement") shall apply to creation,
entry, management, and other use of the clans in the above mentioned games.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THE RULES AND RESTRICTIONS ARE NOT EXHAUSTIVE AND DO NOT
COVER ALL POSSIBLE OFFENSIVE OR ABUSIVE BEHAVIOR.

    1. Clan registration is offered to you on a fee basis. The registration fee will be automatically charged from the account of the player creating a clan at the moment of registration.
    2. The number of clan members must not exceed 100 people.
    3. The clan name consists of the full name and tag (abbreviation).
    4. The full clan name can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_).
    5. The full clan name must not exceed 70 characters.
    6. The tag can contain only uppercase Latin characters and digits.
    7. The tag must be from 2 to 5 characters in length.
    8. Both the full name and tag are unique within the project. During name verification the case is not considered.
    9. The clan creator can enter a Clan Motto in the corresponding field. The Clan Motto can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_). The maximum length of a Clan Motto is 100 characters.
    10. The clan creator can enter a Clan Description in the corresponding field. The Clan Description can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_). The maximum length of a Clan Description is 1000 characters.
    11. Full and abbreviated clan names and clan mottoes and descriptions must not:
      * Be implicitly or explicitly connected to any organizations, historical or political representatives, including those convicted of crimes against mankind, that thus cause negative reaction of considerable number of people, or to any representatives or names of terrorist organizations, including currently operating ones. Violation example: Nazi attributes, abbreviations or symbols of any kind, e.g. “SS”, as well as names, last names or initials of Nazi representatives.
      * Contain a reference to racial or national superiority, as well as promote discrimination in any form
      * Imply any insult or obscenity
      * Be related to pedophilia, incapability or consequences of harassment
      * Insult in any way a certain ethnic or racial group
      * Implicitly or explicitly be associated with sexual intercourse or violence
      * Implicitly or explicitly promote, refer to or use alcohol or drugs
      * Contain copyrighted or registered trademark elements in whole or in part
      * Contain information that could lead to erroneous perception of the clan as a clan of the Administration
      * Contain obscene acronyms, expressions or phrases
      * Violate the terms of the License Agreement between the Players and the Project Administration in any way, including the legislation of the jurisdiction country of the Project
      * Contain links to other Internet resources, except for references to the resources of the Project or other resources that are defined as appropriate by the Administration.
      * Both the full name and the tag, as well as mottoes and clan descriptions must not violate the points above.
    12. The Project Administration monitors players' compliance with the rules and dispenses disciplinary action specific to each case at their discretion. The clan whose full or abbreviated name is deemed violating the rules can be disbanded without reimbursement of the registration fee. The Administration has the right but is not obliged to give the clan violating the rules up to 24 hours to eliminate the violation.
    13. Any violation of these Rules automatically entail the violation of the User Agreement or other similar document governing the use of the respective game and shall give grounds for sanctions against the clan creator or other person having the authority to manage the clan.

  * Clan Rules for World of Tanks Blitz

Below you can find the rules for creating, joining and managing a clan in
World of Tanks Blitz. The Clan rules are part of the Game Rules.

Please note that the rules and restrictions are not exhaustive and do not
cover all possible offensive or abusive behavior.

    1. Clan registration is offered to you on a fee basis. The registration fee will be automatically charged from the account of the player creating a clan at the moment of registration.
    2. The number of clan members must not exceed 50 people.
    3. The clan name consists of the full name and tag (abbreviation).
    4. The full clan name can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_).
    5. The full clan name must include 2-25 characters.
    6. The tag can contain only uppercase Latin characters, hyphens (-), underscores (_) and digits.
    7. The tag must be from 2 to 5 characters in length.
    8. Both the full name and tag are unique within the project. During name verification the case is not considered.
    9. The clan creator can enter a Clan Motto in the corresponding field. The Clan Motto can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_). The maximum length of a Clan Motto is 100 characters. The motto section must be filled in to proceed.
    10. The clan creator can enter a Clan Description in the corresponding field. The Clan Description can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_). The maximum length of a Clan Description is 1000 characters.
    11. Full and abbreviated clan names and clan mottoes and descriptions must not:
      * Be implicitly or explicitly connected to any organizations, historical or political representatives, including those convicted of crimes against mankind, that thus cause negative reaction of considerable number of people, or to any representatives or names of terrorist organizations, including currently operating ones. Violation example: Nazi attributes, abbreviations or symbols of any kind, e.g. “SS”, as well as names, last names or initials of Nazi representatives.
      * Contain a reference to racial or national superiority, as well as promote discrimination in any form
      * Imply any insult or obscenity
      * Be related to pedophilia, incapability or consequences of harassment
      * Insult in any way a certain ethnic or racial group
      * Implicitly or explicitly be associated with sexual intercourse or violence
      * Implicitly or explicitly promote, refer to or use alcohol or drugs
      * Contain copyrighted or registered trademark elements in whole or in part
      * Contain information that could lead to erroneous perception of the clan as a clan of the Administration
      * Contain obscene acronyms, expressions or phrases
      * Violate the terms of the License Agreement between the Players and the Project Administration in any way, including the legislation of the jurisdiction country of the Project
      * Contain links to other Internet resources, except for references to the resources of the Project or other resources that are defined as appropriate by the Administration.

Both the full name and the tag, as well as mottoes and clan descriptions must
not violate the points above.

    12. The Project Administration monitors players' compliance with the rules and dispenses disciplinary action specific to each case at their discretion. The clan whose full or abbreviated name is deemed violating the rules can be disbanded without reimbursement of the registration fee. The Administration has the right but is not obliged to give the clan violating the rules up to 24 hours to eliminate the violation.
    13. Any violation of these Rules automatically entail the violation of the User Agreement or other similar document governing the use of the respective game and shall give grounds for sanctions against the clan creator or other person having the authority to manage the clan.

  * Clan Rules for World of Tanks on Console

Below you can find the rules for creating, joining and managing a clan in
World of Tanks on Console. The Clan rules are part of the set Game Rules.

Please note that the rules and restrictions are not exhaustive and do not
cover all possible offensive or abusive behavior therefore please refer to the
game rules and EULA for a more comprehensive view.

    1. Clan registration is offered to you on a fee basis. The registration fee will be automatically charged from the account of the player creating a clan at the moment of registration.
    2. The number of clan members must not exceed 100 people. 
    3. The clan name consists of the full name and tag (abbreviation).
    4. The full clan name can contain lowercase and uppercase characters of the Latin, Cyrillic, and other national alphabets, spaces, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_).
    5. The full clan name must include 2-25 characters.
    6. The tag can contain only uppercase Latin characters, hyphens (-), underscores (_) and digits.
    7. The tag must be from 2 to 5 characters in length.
    8. Both the full name and tag are unique within the project. During name verification the case is not considered.
    9. Certain content for names, avatars, images/video, signatures &amp; clan logos, have no place on the forums or within the Game, due to their extremely offensive, annoying or inappropriate nature. The following list is only a summary, but it gives some idea of names, images, signatures, avatars and clan logos which are not accepted with the Game environment:
    10. Names, Avatars, Images/Video, Signatures &amp; Clan logos:
      * That contains profanity, including its abbreviated form.
      * That contains insults, personal attacks, abuse or harassment.
      * Which either in whole or partly contain copyrighted or registered trade mark elements.
      * Which have (in any way) racist or nationalistic implications which may create offense to a certain nation, ethnic, religious or racial group.
      * That contains an allusion of racial or national supremacy, as well as discriminative propaganda on any level.
      * Which contain insults or derogatory comments based on race, nationality, religion, culture, mental stature, sex, or sexual preference.
      * Which have an association with sexuality, pedophilia, sexual abuse, or have an offensive connection to the human body or bodily functions.
      * Which contain nudity, sexually explicit material or content that is otherwise deemed inappropriate.
      * Which contain excessive gore or violence, or are obscene/vulgar.
      * Which make reference to addictive or illegal substances or their use, or any other illegal activities.
      * That contains logotypes, symbols, emblems or figures connected in one way or another with organizations, which violate or were violating existing laws and rules; i.e. anything that may provoke strong negative reaction/association or promote national/ethnic/religious hatred. (For example, using different variations of Nazi symbolic, abridgments and signs [88, 14, 420, SS], or similar stylizing [such as, 55] as well as credentials, names and surnames of Nazi leaders.)
      * That contains reference to current mainstream religions that may create offense, i.e. names such as God, Jesus, Allah, etc.
      * That are connected with negative historical or political personalities, first of all those who are judged by international courts for crimes against humanity, those that generally arouse feelings of suffering or disgust in the majority of people, as well as members of currently existing terrorist organizations;
      * That negatively portrays the projects staff, or administration.
      * Which in any other manner violates the End User License Agreement or local laws, either implicitly or explicitly are prohibited. (This also contains links to websites containing the above).
    11. If names (Clan or Tag), avatars, signatures, images/video, clan logos within the forums or within the game violate these rules the offending account may be changed and/or the accounts may be sanctioned or suspended. Moreover, the administration reserves the right to delete, update or modify any names (Clan or Tag) and avatars, images or clan images which are considered inappropriate on the forums or within the game environment.
    12. If Wargaming has determined that a Clan Commander’s account has been inactive after 6 months, the entire Clan will be deemed as Inactive.
      * When a Clan is deemed Inactive, the Clan Commander will be sent a ticket via the Customer Support Center. The Clan Commander will have 30 days to respond to the ticket and remove the Inactive status.
      * If a Clan Commander is aware that he/she will become Inactive, they can submit a ticket to the Customer Support Center requesting the name and tag be kept for an additional 6 months up to a year.
      * If a Clan Commander is deemed Inactive, their title and rank will be given to the highest ranking member of the Clan or tenure.
      * If there are two members of the same rank, the player who has been in the clan the longest will receive priority
    13. 12\. The Project Administration monitors players' compliance with the rules and dispenses disciplinary action specific to each case at their discretion. The clan whose full or abbreviated name is deemed violating the rules can be disbanded without reimbursement of the registration fee. The Administration has the right but is not obliged to give the clan violating the rules up to 24 hours to eliminate the violation.
    14. 13\. Any violation of these Rules automatically entail the violation of the User Agreement or other similar document governing the use of the respective game and shall give grounds for sanctions against the clan creator or other person having the authority to manage the clan.

  * Legal Information for World of Warships

PORTIONS OF THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL, THE USE
OF WHICH IS HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGED:

This Software product includes Autodesk ® Scaleform ™ software, © 2011
Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved. Portions of this Software utilize
SpeedTree ® technology (© 2013 Interactive Data Vizualization, Inc. All rights
reserved). Powered by Wwise © 2006-2015 Audiokinetic Inc. All rights reserved.
Uses Gloox by © 2012 Jakob Shroter. All rights reserved. Powered by BigWorld
Technology ™, © 2013 BigWorld Pty Limited. All rights reserved.

PORTIONS OF THIS SOFTWARE ARE COPYRIGHT:

OPENSSL-1.0.0D Copyright © 1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved.
This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/). This product includes cryptographic
software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes
software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

EXPAT-2.1.0 Copyright © 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd
and Clark Cooper. Copyright © 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Expat
maintainers. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

LIBPNG 1.6.2. Copyright © 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson. Contributing
Authors: Cosmin Truta, Simon-Pierre Cadieux, Eric S. Raymond, Gilles Vollant,
Tom Lane, Glenn Randers-Pehrson, Willem van Schaik, John Bowler, Kevin Bracey,
Sam Bushell, Magnus Holmgren, Greg Roelofs, Tom Tanner, Andreas Dilger, Dave
Martindale, Guy Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt, Tim Wegner. The PNG Reference
Library is supplied “AS IS”. The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.
disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation,
the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. The
Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may
result from the use of the PNG Reference Library, even if advised of the
possibility of such damage. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify,
and distribute this source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without
fee, subject to the following restrictions: 1\. The origin of this source code
must not be misrepresented. 2\. Altered versions must be plainly marked as
such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source. 3\. This
Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or altered
source distribution. The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically
permit, without fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component
to supporting the PNG file format in commercial products. If you use this
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be
appreciated. There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of
the library or against infringement. There is no warranty that our efforts or
the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs. This
library is provided with all faults, and the entire risk of satisfactory
quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with the user.

ZIP-1.2.8 Copyright © 1995-2013 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler.

PCRE-8.21 Copyright © 2009-2015 Zoltan Herczeg. All rights reserved. 1\.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
2\. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 3\. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 4\. Neither the name of the University of
Cambridge nor the name of Google Inc. nor the names of their contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

TINYXPATH www.sourceforge.net/projects/tinyxpath Copyright © 2002-2006 Yves
Berquin (yvesb@users.sourceforge.net) This software is provided ‘as-is’,
without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held
liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is
granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial
applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the
following restrictions: 1\. The origin of this software must not be
misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If
you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
documentation would be appreciated but is not required. 2\. Altered source
versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as
being the original software. 3\. This notice may not be removed or altered
from any source distribution.

PYTHON_2.7. Copyright © 2001-2014 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
Reserved. Licensed details available at:
https://docs.python.org/2/license.html.

NEDALLOC Copyright © 2008 Niall Douglas. Boost Software License - Version 1.0
- August 17th, 2003. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying
documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce,
display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare
derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following: The copyright
notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license
grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all
copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the
Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of
machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

CURL-7.29.0 Copyright © 1996 - 2015, Daniel Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se. All
rights reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software
for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies. THE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright
holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the
copyright holder.

JPEG-8.4 This software is copyright © 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane. All Rights
Reserved except as specified on
http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/Amaya/libjpeg/Attic/README?rev=1.2. This software is
based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group. Copyright © Ark
Performance / Shonengahosha, Arpeggio partners Copyright © 2008-2015 Marshall
A. Greenblatt. Portions Copyright © 2006-2015 Google Inc. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \-
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \- Redistributions in binary
form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
with the distribution. \- Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the name
Chromium Embedded Framework nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

RESIL This software uses code of RESIL (Resilient Image Library) licensed
under the LGPL version 2.1 and its source can be downloaded here:
https://github.com/wg-lesta/ResIL.

GETTEXT This software uses code of GNU gettext runtime licensed under the LGPL
version 2.1 and its source can be downloaded here: https://github.com/wg-
lesta/gettext/tree/master/gettext-runtime.

REACT SOFTWARE React software is distributed under the BSD license. Copyright
© 2013-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: \- Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. \- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \-
Neither the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

CHEERIO Cheerio is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2016 Matt
Mueller. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

DOMREADY Domready is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2013
Dustin Diaz. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

ENZYME Enzyme is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2015 Airbnb,
Inc. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

ES6-PROMISE Es6-promise is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2014
Yehuda Katz, Tom Dale, Stefan Penner and contributors. Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of
the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

I18NEXT i18next is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2015
i18next. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

ISOMORPHIC-FETCH isomorphic-fetch is distributed under The MIT License.
Copyright © 2015 Matt Andrews. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

JSON-LOADER json-loader is distributed is distributed under The MIT License.
Copyright © 2016. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

LODASH Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors https://js.foundation/.
Based on Underscore.js, copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and
Investigative Reporters &amp; Editors http://underscorejs.org/. This software
consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals. For exact
contribution history, see the revision history available at
https://github.com/lodash/lodash. The following license applies to all parts
of this software except as documented below: Permission is hereby granted,
free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample code is defined as all source code displayed within the
prose of the documentation. CC0:
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ Files located in the node
modules and vendor directories are externally maintained libraries used by
this software which have their own licenses; we recommend you read them, as
their terms may differ from the terms above.

MOMENT.JS Moment.js is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © JS
Foundation and other contributors. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

REACT-DOM react-dom is distributed under the BSD license. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: \- Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. \- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \-
Neither the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

REACT-I18NEXT React-i18license is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright
© 2015 i18next. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

REACT-REDUX react-redux is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2015
Dan Abramov. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

REACT-ROUTER react-router is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright ©
2015-present, Ryan Florence, Michael Jackson Permission is hereby granted,
free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

REACT-ROUTER-REDUX react-router-redux is distributed under The MIT License.
Copyright © 2015 James Long. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE

REDUX Redux is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright (c) © 2015-present
Dan Abramov. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

REDUX-THUNK Redux-thunk is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2015
Dan Abramov Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

ROBOTO CONDENSED Copyright © 2011 Christian Robertson. Roboto Condensed font
is distributed under the Apache License, version 2.0 available at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.

CLASSNAMES Classnames is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © 2016
Jed Watson Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

TINYCOLOR TinyColor is distributed under The MIT License. Copyright © Brian
Grinstead, http://briangrinstead.com. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

MATCHMEDIA() POLYFILL

Test a CSS media type/query in JS. matchMedia() polyfill is distributed under
The MIT License and BSD license. Copyright © 2012, Scott Jehl, Paul Irish,
Nicholas Zakas, David Knight. The MIT License: Permission is hereby granted,
free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. The BSD license: Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that
the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither
the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

HAMMER.JS - V2.0.7 - 2016-04-22 http://hammerjs.github.io/ Hammer.JS - v2.0.7
- 2016-04-22 is distributed under the MIT license.

Copyright © 2016 Jorik Tangelder&gt; Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

JQUERY MOUSEWHEEL 3.1.13 jQuery Mousewheel 3.1.13 is distributed under the MIT
license. Copyright © jQuery Foundation and other contributors
http://jquery.org/license Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

VUE.JS V1.0.21 Vue.js v1.0.21 is distributed under the MIT license. Copyright
© 2016 Evan You Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

VUEX V0.8.2 Vuex v0.8.2 is distributed under the MIT license. Copyright © 2016
Evan You Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

VUE-ROUTER V0.7.13 vue-router v0.7.13 is distributed under the MIT license.
Copyright © 2016 Evan You Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

TETHER 1.3.7 es6-promise - a tiny implementation of Promises/A+. tether 1.3.7
is distributed under The MIT license. Copyright © 2014 Yehuda Katz, Tom Dale,
Stefan Penner and contributors (Conversion to ES6 API by Jake Archibald). See
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jakearchibald/es6-promise/master/LICENSE.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

SCRIPT.JS script.js JS loader &amp; dependency manager.
https://github.com/ded/script.js. script.js is distributed under The MIT
license. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY V2.2.3 http://jquery.com/ Includes Sizzle.js.
http://sizzlejs.com/. jQuery JavaScript Library v2.2.3 is distributed under
the MIT license. Copyright © jQuery Foundation and other contributors.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR ENGINE V2.2.1 http://sizzlejs.com/ Sizzle CSS Selector
Engine v2.2.1 is distributed under the MIT license. Copyright © jQuery
Foundation and other contributors Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

JQUERY COOKIE PLUGIN V1.4.1 https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie jQuery
Cookie Plugin v1.4.1 is distributed under the MIT license. Copyright © 2013
Klaus Hartl. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  * Legal Information for Clans Portal

## PORTIONS OF THIS SOFTWARE ARE COPYRIGHT:

### Roboto

Copyright © Christian Robertson

Roboto is distributed under Apache 2.0. license as available
at:http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.

### Nodeenv

Copyright © 2011, Eugene Kalinin. Some rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the software as well as
documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### d3

Copyright © 2010-2015, Michael Bostock. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The name Michael Bostock may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL MICHAEL BOSTOCK BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### jquery-mousewheel

Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/.

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals.
For exact contribution history, see the revision history available at
https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mousewheel.

The following license applies to all parts of this software except as
documented below:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

All files located in the node_modules and external directories are externally
maintained libraries used by this software which have their own licenses; we
recommend you read them, as their terms may differ from the terms above.

### jqueryui

Copyright © 2007, 2014, jQuery Foundation and other contributors,
https://jquery.org/

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals.
For exact contribution history, see the revision history available at
https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui

The following license applies to all parts of this software except as
documented below:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample code
is defined as all source code contained within the demos directory.

### URI.js

Copyright © 2011, Rodney Rehm.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### moment

Copyright © 2011-2015, Tim Wood, Iskren Chernev, Moment.js contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### underscore

Copyright © 2009-2015, Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters &amp; Editors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### jquery

Copyright © jQuery Foundation and other contributors, https://jquery.org/

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals.
For exact contribution history, see the revision history available at
https://github.com/jquery/jquery

The following license applies to all parts of this software except as
documented below:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

All files located in the node_modules and external directories are externally
maintained libraries used by this software which have their own licenses; we
recommend you read them, as their terms may differ from the terms above.

### backbone

Copyright © 2010-2015, Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### html5shiv

Copyright © 2014, Alexander Farkas (aFarkas).

This software is licensed under a dual license system (MIT or GPL version 2).
This means you are free to choose with which of both licenses (MIT or GPL
version 2) you want to use this library.

The license texts of the MIT license and the GPL version 2 are as follows:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

The text of the GNU GPL version 2 license is provided at the end of this file.

### jQuery.highlightRegex

Copyright © 2007 Johann Burkard, http://johannburkard.de.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### Respond

Copyright © 2012, Scott Jehl.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### jquery-cookie

Copyright © 2014, Klaus Hartl.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### malihu-custom-scrollbar-plugin

Copyright © Manos Malihutsakis, http://manos.malihu.gr

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### selection.js

Copyright © 2011- 2012, Tim Cameron Ryan.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### jsonschema

Copyright © 2013, Julian Berman.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### alabaster

Copyright © 2015, Jeff Forcier.

Based on original work copyright (c) 2011, Kenneth Reitz and copyright (c)
2010, Armin Ronacher.

Some rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the theme, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS THEME IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS

### simplejson

simplejson is dual-licensed software. It is available under the terms of the
MIT license, or the Academic Free License version 2.1. The full text of each
license agreement is included below. This code is also licensed to the Python
Software Foundation (PSF) under a Contributor Agreement.

MIT License

Copyright © 2006, Bob Ippolito

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Academic Free License v. 2.1

Copyright © 2006, Bob Ippolito. All rights reserved.

This Academic Free License (the "License") applies to any original work of
authorship (the "Original Work") whose owner (the "Licensor") has placed the
following notice immediately following the copyright notice for the Original
Work:

Licensed under the Academic Free License version 2.1

1) Grant of Copyright License. Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable license to do the
following:

a) to reproduce the Original Work in copies;

b) to prepare derivative works ("Derivative Works") based upon the Original
Work;

c) to distribute copies of the Original Work and Derivative Works to the
public;

d) to perform the Original Work publicly; and

e) to display the Original Work publicly.

2) Grant of Patent License. Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-
free, non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable license, under patent claims
owned or controlled by the Licensor that are embodied in the Original Work as
furnished by the Licensor, to make, use, sell and offer for sale the Original
Work and Derivative Works.

3) Grant of Source Code License. The term "Source Code" means the preferred
form of the Original Work for making modifications to it and all available
documentation describing how to modify the Original Work. Licensor hereby
agrees to provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Original
Work along with each copy of the Original Work that Licensor distributes.
Licensor reserves the right to satisfy this obligation by placing a machine-
readable copy of the Source Code in an information repository reasonably
calculated to permit inexpensive and convenient access by You for as long as
Licensor continues to distribute the Original Work, and by publishing the
address of that information repository in a notice immediately following the
copyright notice that applies to the Original Work.

4) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names
of any contributors to the Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or
service marks, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
Original Work without express prior written permission of the Licensor.
Nothing in this License shall be deemed to grant any rights to trademarks,
copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property of
Licensor except as expressly stated herein. No patent license is granted to
make, use, sell or offer to sell embodiments of any patent claims other than
the licensed claims defined in Section 2. No right is granted to the
trademarks of Licensor even if such marks are included in the Original Work.
Nothing in this License shall be interpreted to prohibit Licensor from
licensing under different terms from this License any Original Work that
Licensor otherwise would have a right to license.

5) This section intentionally omitted.

6) Attribution Rights. You must retain, in the Source Code of any Derivative
Works that You create, all copyright, patent or trademark notices from the
Source Code of the Original Work, as well as any notices of licensing and any
descriptive text identified therein as an "Attribution Notice." You must cause
the Source Code for any Derivative Works that You create to carry a prominent
Attribution Notice reasonably calculated to inform recipients that You have
modified the Original Work.

7) Warranty of Provenance and Disclaimer of Warranty. Licensor warrants that
the copyright in and to the Original Work and the patent rights granted herein
by Licensor are owned by the Licensor or are sublicensed to You under the
terms of this License with the permission of the contributor(s) of those
copyrights and patent rights. Except as expressly stated in the immediately
proceeding sentence, the Original Work is provided under this License on an
"AS IS" BASIS and WITHOUT WARRANTY, either express or implied, including,
without limitation, the warranties of NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE
ORIGINAL WORK IS WITH YOU. This DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY constitutes an
essential part of this License. No license to Original Work is granted
hereunder except under this disclaimer.

8) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall the
Licensor be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of
this License or the use of the Original Work including, without limitation,
damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction,
or any and all other commercial damages or losses. This limitation of
liability shall not apply to liability for death or personal injury resulting
from Licensor's negligence to the extent applicable law prohibits such
limitation. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not
apply to You.

9) Acceptance and Termination. If You distribute copies of the Original Work
or a Derivative Work, You must make a reasonable effort under the
circumstances to obtain the express assent of recipients to the terms of this
License. Nothing else but this License (or another written agreement between
Licensor and You) grants You permission to create Derivative Works based upon
the Original Work or to exercise any of the rights granted in Section 1
herein, and any attempt to do so except under the terms of this License (or
another written agreement between Licensor and You) is expressly prohibited by
U.S. copyright law, the equivalent laws of other countries, and by
international treaty. Therefore, by exercising any of the rights granted to
You in Section 1 herein, You indicate Your acceptance of this License and all
of its terms and conditions.

10) Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate automatically
and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You by this
License as of the date You commence an action, including a cross-claim or
counterclaim, against Licensor or any licensee alleging that the Original Work
infringes a patent. This termination provision shall not apply for an action
alleging patent infringement by combinations of the Original Work with other
software or hardware.

11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this
License may be brought only in the courts of a jurisdiction wherein the
Licensor resides or in which Licensor conducts its primary business, and under
the laws of that jurisdiction excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. The
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any use of the Original
Work outside the scope of this License or after its termination shall be
subject to the requirements and penalties of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
§ 101 et seq., the equivalent laws of other countries, and international
treaty. This section shall survive the termination of this License.

12) Attorneys Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or
seeking damages relating thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, including
any appeal of such action. This section shall survive the termination of this
License.

13) Miscellaneous. This License represents the complete agreement concerning
the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary
to make it enforceable.

14) Definition of "You" in This License. "You" throughout this License,
whether in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity
exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License.
For legal entities, "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by,
or is under common control with you. For purposes of this definition,
"control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
ownership of such entity.

15) Right to Use. You may use the Original Work in all ways not otherwise
restricted or conditioned by this License or by law, and Licensor promises not
to interfere with or be responsible for such uses by You.

This license is Copyright (C) 2003-2004 Lawrence E. Rosen. All rights
reserved. Permission is hereby granted to copy and distribute this license
without modification. This license may not be modified without the express
written permission of its copyright owner.

### snowball_py

Copyright © 2013, Yoshiki Shibukawa. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### factory_boy

Copyright © 2010, Mark Sandstrom.

Copyright © 2011-2015, Raphaël Barrois

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### pytest-cov

Copyright © 2010, Meme Dough

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### markupsafe

Copyright © 2010, by Armin Ronacher and contributors. See AUTHORS for more
details.

Some rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the software as well as
documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### raven-python

Copyright © 2015, Functional Software, Inc. and individual contributors. All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the Raven nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### sqltap

Copyright © 2014, Alan Shreve.

sqltap is distributed under Apache 2.0. license as available at:
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html. Unless required by applicable
law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

### django-queryinspect

Copyright © 2014 -2015, Good Code and Django Query Inspector contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### kafka-python

Copyright © 2015, David Arthur

kafka-python is distributed under Apache 2.0. license as available
at:http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.

### pyflakes

Copyright © 2005-2011, Divmod, Inc. Copyright (c) 2013-2014, Florent Xicluna.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### HTTPretty

Copyright © 2011-2015, Gabriel Falcão gabriel@nacaolivre.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### python-dateutils

dateutil - Extensions to the standard Python datetime module.

Copyright © 2003-2011, Gustavo Niemeyer gustavo@niemeyer.net.

Copyright © 2012-2014 , Tomi Pieviläinen tomi.pievilainen@iki.fi.

Copyright © 2014, Yaron de Leeuw me@jarondl.net.

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. * Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### py-amqp

Copyright © Barry Pederson.

py-amqp is distributed under GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1 as
available at: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.en.html.

### py-amqplib

Copyright © Barry Pederson.

py-amqp lib is distributed under GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1 as
available at: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.en.html.

### check-manifest

Copyright © 2013, Marius Gedminas and contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### mccabe

Copyright © Ned Batchelder.

Copyright © 2011-2013, Tarek Ziade tarek@ziade.org.

Copyright © 2013, Florent Xicluna florent.xicluna@gmail.com.

Licensed under the terms of the Expat License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

cov-core

Copyright © 2010, Meme Dough

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### sqlalchemy-utils

Copyright © 2012, Konsta Vesterinen. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### python-mimeparse

Copyright © DB Tsai.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### teamcity-messages

Copyright © JetBrains.

teamcity-messages is distributed under Apache 2.0. license as available at:
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.

### billiard

Copyright © 2006-2008, R Oudkerk and Contributors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
    * Neither the name of author nor the names of any contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### celery

Copyright © 2015, Ask Solem &amp; contributors. All rights reserved.

Copyright © 2012-2014, GoPivotal, Inc. All rights reserved.

Copyright © 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, Ask Solem, and individual contributors.
All rights reserved.

Celery is licensed under The BSD License (3 Clause, also known as the new BSD
license). The license is an OSI approved Open Source license and is GPL-
compatible. The license text can also be found here:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause

### kombu

Copyright © 2015, Ask Solem &amp; contributors. All rights reserved.

Copyright © 2012-2014, GoPivotal Inc &amp; contributors. All rights reserved.

Copyright © 2009-2012, Ask Solem &amp; contributors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
    * Neither the name of Ask Solem nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL Ask Solem OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### python-openid

Copyright © JanRain.

python-openid is distributed under Apache 2.0. license as available at:
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.

### itsdangerous

Copyright © 2011, by Armin Ronacher and the Django Software Foundation. Some
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### spin.js

The MIT License Copyright © 2011-2015, Felix Gnass fgnass@gmail.com.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### OwlCarousel2

Copyright © 2014, Owl.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### jinja2

Copyright © 2009, the Jinja Team, see AUTHORS for more details. Some rights
reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
    * The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### virtualenv

Copyright © 2007, Ian Bicking and Contributors.

Copyright © 2009, Ian Bicking, The Open Planning Project.

Copyright © 2011-2015, The virtualenv developers.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### django-admin-tools

copyright © 2010, David JEAN LOUIS.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Privacy and Cookie Policy

## 1\. Introduction

    1. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy and Cookie Policy ("Policy") describes how we treat information that you provide to us or that we collect about you.
    2. By personal data, we refer to data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable person. Personal data include your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address, your age, your gender and your game preferences, a part of your credit card number. Anonymous information, which we are not in a position to relate to you, does not qualify as personal data.
    3. We may collect personal data as well as other information when you use the following services:
      * Our websites, including http://worldoftanks.eu, http://worldofwarplanes.eu, http://www.worldofwarships.eu, http://wargaming.net, http://console.worldoftanks.com, http://wotblitz.eu and any other Wargaming sites on which this Policy is posted (the "Sites").
      * Your creation and use of a Wargaming account on any of the Sites (an "Account"). For more information on Accounts and how to create an Account please see our Terms of Service.
      * Your use of any of our online and mobile games including, but not limited to, "World of Tanks", "World of Warplanes", "World of Warships", "World of Tanks" on Xbox 360 and Xbox One, or "World of Tanks Blitz" (the "Games" or individually a "Game"). Your use of each Game will be subject to the End User Licence Agreement (the "EULA") and the game rules (the "Game Rules") in respect of that Game. You can find links to the EULA and the Game Rules for our Games in our Terms of Service. Your use of any of the forums that we operate for the Games (the "Games Forums"). Your use of any of the Games Forums will be subject to the rules and guidelines applicable to the Games Forums (the "Forum Rules"). The Forum Rules are set out at:   
\- for World of Tanks:
http://forum.worldoftanks.eu/index.php?/forum-40/announcement-124-forum-rules/  
\- for World of Warplanes:
http://forum.worldofwarplanes.eu/index.php?/forum-21/announcement-17-forum-
rules/  
\- for World of Warships: http://forum.worldofwarships.eu/  
\- for World of Tanks Blitz:
http://forum.wotblitz.com/index.php?/forum-58/announcement-13-world-of-tanks-
blitz-game-rules/  
and constitute a part of Terms of Service.

      * Your use of any of our other products and services (including support services) which may be accessible via a third party platform, web application or social networking service (together the "Ancillary Services").   
In this Policy we refer to the Sites, the Account, the Games and the Ancillary
Services together as the "Services".

    4. Please read this Policy carefully. By starting using any of the Services, you accept the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not attempt to use the Services. By accepting this Policy, you signify your consent to the collection and other processing of your personal data in accordance with and for the purposes set out in this Policy.

## 2\. Who we are

We are

Wargaming Group Limited,  
105, Agion Omologiton Avenue,  
Nicosia 1080,  
Cyprus  
and for Xbox games we are  
Wargaming World Limited,  
105, Agion Omologiton Avenue,  
Nicosia 1080,Cyprus,

("Wargaming", "we", "our" and "us").

We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal data and other
information you provide to us or we collect about you in accordance with
applicable privacy and personal data protection laws.

## 3\. Information we may collect from you

When you use the Services we may collect the following categories of data:

When you create an Account, we collect and process the following "Account
Data":

    * Your first name and last name, your gender, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number, social network ID, address, user name, password. You may also choose to provide some other optional information about you.

When you purchase virtual items, virtual currency (so-called "gold") or time-
limited premium memberships with the credit card, we collect and process the
following "Payment Information":

    * Your credit card number (or a part of it), and information about your credit card issuer.

When you use the Services, we may collect and process the following "Tracking
Data":

    * Location information associated with your IP address when you visit our Sites or use a Game.
    * Information relating to your use of our Services including, but not limited to, information about when and how you use the Services and data traffic and recordings of the parts of the screen you click on while using our Services (so called "clickstreams").
    * Log files and statistics in relation to actions taken on our Sites and in the Games.
    * Technical information about any device that you use when you visit the Sites or use a Game, including your Media Access Control (MAC), Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent device identifier, your IP address and the browser you are using.

For the collection and processing of Tracking Data on the Sites we use
cookies. Their functionality and your options regarding their use are
explained in section 4 below.

When you use the Services, we may collect and process the following "Content
Data":

    * Information that you post in any of the Games Forums.
    * Information sent through the "game-chat" functionality in the Games,
    * Information you provide when you request information or support from us or purchase a product or service from us, including information necessary to process your orders with the relevant payment merchant which may include the amount of any transaction, but will not include your financial information which will only be submitted directly to the payment merchant under secure protocols.
    * Information other than the Account Data you provide to us when participating in competitions, contests and tournaments and responding to surveys.
    * Information relating to your profiles on social networking sites in order to allow integration with such social networking sites.

## 4\. Cookies

    1. The Sites use cookies and similar technologies that collect Tracking Data to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you access the Sites and use the Services.
    2. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that a website places on your computer or device when you visit a website. You are given the opportunity to consent to using of cookies or refuse from them as you enter our Sites. If you have opted out, we only use the strictly necessary cookies (as described below) and store one permanent ‘compliance’ cookie which tells us that you want to opt out of use of any other cookies. For more information about cookies, we recommend that you visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
    3. The cookies that are used on the Sites fall into the categories described below. These descriptions can help you determine if and how you would like to interact with our Sites and other online services:
      * Strictly necessary cookies   
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to navigate the Sites and
use certain features. Without these strictly necessary cookies, the online
services provided by the Sites cannot be provided. It is therefore not
possible for you to opt out of use of these cookies.  
In addition, the coding language the Sites are written in uses session cookies
and their use cannot be avoided. These are deleted each time you close your
browser. These cookies do not store any information about the visitor once the
browser is closed.

      * Performance cookies   
Our performance cookies collect anonymous information about how you use the
Sites and their features. For instance, our performance cookies collect
information about which pages on the Sites are visited most often, which
advertisements you view or interact with on the Sites or other websites on
which our advertisements appear and if you receive any error messages.

      * Analytics cookies   
The Sites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google,
Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed
on your computer, to help us analyse how users use the Sites. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites (including your IP
address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United
States. In case of activation of the IP anonymisation, Google will
truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the
European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European
Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent by us to
and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of us, Google will use
this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Sites,
compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services
relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not
associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  
The Sites may use other similar analytics cookies. These cookies are used to
collect information about how visitors use the Sites. The information is
collected anonymously, and used to report on the number of visitors to the
Sites, where the visitors have come from, and the pages they have visited.  
Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and
IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Further information can be found
under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html (Google Analytics Terms of
Service &amp; Privacy). Please note that on the Sites, Google Analytics code
is supplemented by "gat._anonymizeIp();" to ensure an anonymized collection of
IP addresses (so called IP-masking). Also, you can prevent Google Analytics to
collect such data on behalf of Wargaming by clicking on the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

      * Functionality cookies   
Functionality cookies are used to remember choices you make (such as language
preference, country location, or other online settings) and collect anonymous
information.

      * Targeting or advertising cookies   
Third-party targeted advertising cookies may be placed on your device by
third-party advertisers, ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and
other service providers.  
Third-party targeted advertising cookies collect information about your
browsing activity across multiple websites and online services (e.g., about
the sections of the websites you visit, the products you are interested in) in
order to provide you with relevant advertisements on the websites and online
services of third parties. Ad networks may share this information with the
advertisers using their network. The information collected using these third-
party advertising cookies does not disclose your identity, but will be used to
identify you across multiple websites. We can use third party advertising
services the list of which you can find
athttp://worldoftanks.eu/en/content/docs/disclosure. You can opt out from
their services via the instructions and/or links available at their websites
or by contacting them directly.

    4. If you wish to refuse the use of cookies by us or by third parties, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies. As the means by which you can do this varies from browser to browser, please visit your web browser's "Help" menu for further details. Please note that, should you choose to refuse the use of cookies by us, this might impair some of the functionality of the Sites and the Services.

## 5\. How we use your information

We may use the information that you provide to us or that we collect about you
for the following purposes:

    1. Provision of services. Account Data, Tracking Data and Content Data may be collected and processed by us to provide you with the Services that you request from us and to perform the respective EULA and Terms of Service accepted by you. Data collected for that purpose will only be kept as long as necessary to provide the requested Services, and to comply with applicable laws.
    2. Any data collected may be processed by us to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may be illegal, or that may violate the Terms of Service or Forum Rules, or that may violate the respective EULA or Game Rules in respect of any of the Games. Such data will be kept for a maximum duration of six months after the Account closure.
    3. Creation of additional promotion and advertising and creation of user profiles:
      * We may use the e-mail address registered to your Account to provide you with information about products and services related to our Services that you request from us, unless you choose to opt out from this service at the time your Account is created. You may also opt-out from use of your e-mail address for this purpose at any time, by sending an e-mail from the e-mail address registered to your Account to privacy@wargaming.net stating that you do not wish to receive such information. Alternatively, you may opt out by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us.
      * We may use Tracking Data to monitor, improve, or modify the Services and our operations.
      * We may create a "personal user profile" by connecting your Account Data with your Tracking Data for purposes of improving, or modifying the Services and our operations and, for our own promotions, advertising and market research.

## 6\. Sharing your information

    1. We will not share your personal data with anyone else unless in the following limited circumstances:
      * To the extent that we are required to do so by applicable law, by a governmental body or by a law enforcement agency, or for crime prevention purposes.
      * Where necessary to enforce the Terms of Service or Forum Rules, or the EULA or Game Rules in respect of any of the Games, to provide you with Services you request from us, to protect the safety of our users and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of other users and third parties, or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
      * We may disclose and allow access to information collected through our Services to facilitate the targeting, delivery, and measurement of advertising through and in connection with the Service: to facilitate the targeting, delivery, and measurement of online advertising on third-party services on our behalf; and otherwise to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to our users.
      * Where necessary to provide you with Services you request from us, we may share your personal data with third parties who provide services to us, including to countries outside the European Economic Area. You can find the list of such third parties at http://worldoftanks.eu/en/content/docs/disclosure.
    2. We may share anonymous information, i.e. information which does not directly or indirectly disclose your identity, and aggregated information (meaning information about groups and categories of users, including game statistics and behaviour, but which does not identify and that cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual user) with our advertising partners, the list of which you can also find at http://worldoftanks.eu/en/content/docs/disclosure. We may also allow our advertisers to collect anonymous information and aggregated information within the Services and they may then share that information with us. Our advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. This enables our advertisers to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Services and on the websites of third parties, so that they can try to serve you with advertisements for products and services that are most likely to be of interest to you. Advertisers will also use this information to monitor, improve, or modify their operations.

## 7\. Children

We recognise that we have a special obligation to protect personal information
obtained from children. We will not knowingly collect personal information
from any child, or process such information, without parental consent. For the
purpose of this Policy, a child means any individual who is under the age of
18 (or the minimum legal age to consent to the collection and processing of
personal information where this is different under applicable law).

## 8\. Security

    1. We take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Our employees, contractors and agents may be given access to your personal information which we collect, but their use shall be limited to the performance of their duties in relation to facilitating your use of the Services. Our employees, contractors and agents who have access to your personal information are required to keep that information confidential and are not permitted to use it for any purposes other than those listed above or to deal with requests which you submit to us. 
    2. We have implemented all reasonable technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect the security of your information.

## 9\. Third party sites

The Services may contain links to other websites operated and services
provided by third parties, including those retailers you enter into a
transaction with. Please note that this Policy applies only to the personal
information that we collect through the Services and we cannot be responsible
for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use through
their websites or their services. You should always read the privacy policy of
each website you visit carefully.

## 10\. Your rights

In addition to your opt-out right under section 4.2, you may exercise the
following rights at any time:

    * You may ask us to provide you with copies of the personal information that we hold about you, or with information about the processing of such information.
    * You may ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal information that we hold about you.

If you wish to exercise any of these rights, then please contact us at
privacy@wargaming.net. If you ask us to delete personal information about you
then we may retain an archived copy of this information if required to do so
by law.

## 11\. Changes to this Policy

We may change this Policy from time to time for various reasons such as
changes to reflect in law and regulation, changes in industry practices and
technological developments. In case you have a registered Account, you will be
notified of any changes of this Policy via e-mail to the e-mail address
related to your Account. The latest version of this Policy will always be
available on the Sites. Any new version of this Policy shall take effect (i)
immediately upon the date of your receipt of the notification e-mail where the
changes to this Policy relate to non-material changes which do not reduce your
rights; or (ii) no less than thirty (30) days after your receipt of the
notification e-mail where the changes to this Policy potentially reduce your
rights; or (iii) in case you do not have a registered Account, the moment they
are uploaded to our Services.

## 12\. Questions and comments

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at
privacy@wargaming.net.

  *   *   *   * 

© 2012– Wargaming.net.All rights reserved. Powered by BigWorld Technology™ ©

{{region->current}}

The selected region may affect the website content.

## СНГ:

  * Русский
  * Українська

## North America:

  * English
  * Español (Argentina)
  * Español (Mexico)
  * Português

## Europe:

  * English
  * Čeština
  * Français
  * Deutsch
  * Polski
  * Español
  * Türkçe
  * Italiano

## Asia:

  * English
  * 日本語
  * ไทย
  * 繁體中文
  * Tiếng Việt
  * 한국어

## 대한민국:

  * 한국어

