##  bwinHelp

  * English
  * Deutsch
  * Italiano
  * Español
  * Svenska
  * Français
  * Turkçe
  * Ελληνικά
  * Polski
  * Dansk
  * Čeština
  * Magyar
  * Русский
  * Slovenščina
  * Hrvatski
  * Slovenčina
  * Romană
  * Български
  * Español (Latinoamerica)

EN

## Security

##  General Information

  * Account
    * General
    * Account verification
    * Inactive accounts
    * Loyalty
    * Closing and reopening
    * Personal data
    * Login 
    * Promotions/Bonuses
  * Customer Service
  * How to
    * Bonus
  * Disclosure Statement
  * Registration
  * Security
  * Legal Matters
    * General
    * General Terms and Conditions 
  * Payment Methods
    * Abaqoos 
    * Bank Wire Transfer 
    * Diners Club Card 
    * Electronic Transfer
    * EntroPay 
    * eps
    * Fast Bank Transfer
    * giropay
    * iDeal
    * INSTADEBIT
    * Instant Banking
    * Maestro
    * MasterCard 
    * Mister Cash
    * Moneta
    * NETELLER 
    * paybox 
    * PayPal 
    * paysafecard 
    * PromoCode
    * Przelewy24 
    * QIWI Wallet
    * Skrill
    * Skrill 1-Tap
    * SOFORT Banking
    * Ticket Premium
    * Trustly
    * Visa
    * WebMoney
  * Payments 
    * General
    * Withdrawal
    * How can I change my deposit limits?
    * Payments 

##  Sports

  * Mobile Sports Betting
    * FAQ
    * Cash Out
    * Sports Lobby
    * Access Sports &amp; Leagues
    * Sport Filters
    * Markets Grouping &amp; Scoreboards
    * Betslip &amp; Bet placement
    * Mybets
    * Favourites
    * Betfinder
    * Bet types
    * Bet settlement
    * Placing a bet
    * Quick Power tips
    * Glossary
  * Sports Betting
    * Placing a bet 
    * Bet types
    * Bet settlement
    * Miscellaneous
  * Live Betting
    * Placing a bet
    * Bet types
    * Live Video
    * Technical issues
    * General
  * Betting Rules
    * Sports Betting General Remarks
    * Special Rules
    * bwin Video Terms and Conditions
    * FreeBet Terms and Conditions
    * Terms and Conditions for PROTEKTOR
    * Cash Out Terms and Conditions

##  Poker

  * Achievements
  * Favorites
  * Profile 
  * Friends
  * Game rules
  * General
  * Missions
  * Poker Clients
    * Alerts
    * Disconnections
    * Download and Installation
    * Hand History
    * Instant Play software
  * Lobby
    * General
    * Filtering
    * My Tournaments
    * Opening Tables
    * Private tables
    * Resizing Columns/Selection
    * Sorting
    * Tournaments
    * Waitlist
  * Poker Table
    * Table
    * Keyboard shortcuts
    * Multi-table options
  * Tournaments
    * General
    * Scheduled tournaments
    * Sit &amp; Go Tournaments

##  Games

  * Virtual sports

##  Casino

  * Game Rules
    * Blackjack
    * Fixed Odds
    * Hi-Lo Games
    * Jackpot Keno
    * Jackpot Slots
    * Live Dealer
    * Roulette
    * Scratch Games
    * Slotsw
    * Table games
    * Table Poker
    * Video Poker
    * Raffle Jackpot
  * Game Rules Mobile
    * Blackjack
    * Jackpot Slots
    * Roulette
    * Slots
    * Table games
  * General

  * Privacy Policy 
  * User Account Protection
  * Security in monetary transactions

# Privacy Policy

## 1\. PRIVACY

We are committed to protecting Your personal information. We have created this
Privacy Policy to let You know what information We collect when You use Our
Services, why We collect this information and how We use the collected
information.

Please note that this Privacy Policy will be agreed between You and the Group
being GVC Holdings plc together with its Group companies as defined in the
Terms and Conditions of Use ('bwin.party','We', 'Us' or 'Our', as
appropriate).

We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify You of
these changes by posting the modified terms on Our Platforms. We recommend
that You revisit this Privacy Policy regularly.

## 2\. INFORMATION COLLECTED

We consider information that may be used to identify an individual, including,
but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, credit card
information, home or other physical address, email address, phone number or
other contact information, profile picture and friends list to be Personal
Information ('Personal Information'). You may be asked to provide Personal
Information when You use Our website, register for an account or to use the
Services. The Personal Information that We collect may include information
such as: contact information (including telephone number), shipping
information, billing information, transaction history, website usage
preferences, and feedback regarding the Services. This information is held by
Us on servers based in Gibraltar and elsewhere from time to time. In addition,
when You interact with the Services, Our servers keep an activity log unique
to You that collects certain administrative and traffic information including:
source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited,
language use, software crash reports and type of browser used. This
information is essential for the provision and quality of the Services. We do
not collect Personal Information about You on the Services without Your
knowledge.

## 3\. MEANS OF COLLECTING AND PROCESSING DATA

We may automatically collect certain data as discussed above and receive
Personal Information about You where You provide such information through the
Services or other communications and interactions with Us. We may also receive
Personal Information from online vendors and service providers, and from
customer lists lawfully acquired from third-party vendors. In addition, We may
engage the services of third-party service providers to provide technical
support, process Your online transactions and maintain Your Account. We will
have access to any information You provide to such vendors, service providers
and third-party e-commerce services, and We will use the Personal Information
as set out in this Privacy Policy below. This information will only be
disclosed to third parties outside the Group in accordance with this Privacy
Policy. We take steps to ensure that Our arrangements with third-party service
providers and online vendors protect Your privacy.

## 4\. INFORMATION USE

We use the Personal Information We collect from You to deliver Our Services,
to provide customer support, to undertake necessary security and identify
verification checks, to process any of Your online transactions, to post in-
game activity to Your newsfeed and share content with other players which may
lead to Loyalty Points, Points or Rewards (such activity can be controlled in
Your privacy settings), to assist Your participation in third-party
promotions, meet certain business requirements and for any other purpose
related to the operation of the Services. As such, we may share your Personal
Information with our carefully selected partners (which will include any other
parties which such partners have entered into data sharing arrangements with).

Your Personal Information may also be used by Us to provide You with: (a)
promotional offers and information regarding Our products and services; and
(b) promotional offers and information regarding the products and services of
our carefully selected partners, in order to better provide You with a range
of products and services and improved customer service.  You consent to Us
notifying other users of Our site who have an Account and who have Your email
address saved in their contacts list in their own email account, that the
email address has already been registered to an Account.  From time-to-time,
we may request information from You via surveys or contests. Participation in
these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and, therefore, You have
the choice of whether or not to disclose such information. Information
requested may include contact information (such as name, correspondence
address and telephone number), and demographic information (such as zip or
postal code or age). By accepting any contest prize or winnings from Us, You
consent to use of Your name and likeness for advertising and promotional
purposes without additional compensation, except where prohibited by law.
Unless You have elected not to receive promotional information, We may also
use Your Personal Information (including Your email address and phone number)
to provide You with information regarding Our products, services and
promotions, including other gaming products (including online poker, casino,
games) and products and services from third parties carefully selected by Us.

## 5\. CERTAIN EXCLUDED DISCLOSURES

We may disclose Your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or if
We believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with any
legal process served on Us, any of Our sites or the Services or in
circumstances where We are under a substantially similar legal obligation; (2)
protect and defend Our rights or property; or (3) act to protect the personal
safety of users of the Services or the public. If, in Our sole determination,
You are found to have cheated or attempted to defraud Us, the Group, or any
other user of the Services in any way including but not limited to game
manipulation or payment fraud, or if We suspect You of fraudulent payment,
including use of stolen credit cards, or any other fraudulent activity
(including any chargeback or other reversal of a payment) or prohibited
transaction (including money laundering), We reserve the right to share this
information (together with Your identity) with other online gaming sites,
banks, credit card companies, and appropriate agencies. (4) For the purpose of
research on the prevention of addiction, data can be made anonymous and passed
on to the respective institutions.

## 6\. ACCESS

You may 'opt out' of receiving any promotional communications either by
choosing to opt out where such option is made available on Our sites or the
Services or in an email You receive from Us, or at any time by sending an
email, or by writing to Us at Customer Service, Suite 711, Europort Gibraltar,
under company number 93313. In addition, You may contact Us at this address if
You: 1) want to confirm the accuracy of the Personal Information We have
collected about You; 2) would like to update Your Personal Information; and/or
3) have any complaint regarding Our use of Your Personal Information. If
requested, We will (a) update any information You have provided to Us,
provided that You provide evidence as We may reasonably require for such
changes, or (b) mark any information to prohibit future use for marketing
purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Privacy Policy shall
prevent Us from retaining Your Personal Information where We are required to
do so by law.

## 7\. COOKIES

### 7.1 Information placed on your device

We may store some information on Your computer, laptop, tablet or mobile
device when You look at our sites, mobile sites or mobile apps. We use
cookies, which are small text files that are stored on Your computer or
equipment when You visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We
also use Local Shared Objects or 'flash cookies'. 'Flash cookies' are similar
to browser cookies. They allow us to remember things about Your visits across
our sites but cannot access or use other information on Your computer. We do
not use flash cookies to remember or use directly identifying personal
information about You such as Your name or email address. We only use flash
cookies across our own sites and no others. We use cookies and flash cookies
to track use of Our sites. We also may use cookies and third party cookies to
monitor traffic to the site, improve the Services and make it easier and/or
more relevant for Your use. We use flash cookies and third party cookies to
help us to show You advertisements which are relevant to Your interests based
on Your use of Our sites.

### 7.2 When do we use cookies?

#### 7.2.1 During the registration process

  * These cookies will hold information collected during Your registration and will allow Us to recognise You as a customer and provide You with the services You require. We may also use this data to better understand Your interests while online and to enhance Your visits to Our Platforms.

#### 7.2.2 On Our website

  * For visitors to Our website, We use cookies to collect information. Our servers use two different types of cookies:
  * A 'session-based' cookie: This type of cookie is only allocated to Your computer for the duration of Your visit to Our website. A session-based cookie helps You move around Our website faster and, if You're a registered customer, it allows Us to give You information that is more relevant to You. This cookie automatically expires when You close Your browser.
  * A 'persistent' cookie: This type of cookie will remain on Your computer for a period of time set for each cookie. Flash cookies are also persistent.
  * 'Analytical' cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps Us to improve the way our sites works, for example, by ensuring You can what You are looking for easily.

### 7.3 Cookies allow Us to:

  * Better understand Your preferences and offer You more relevant promotional offers. 
  * Distinguish You from other users of our sites, which help Us to provide You with a good experience when You browse our sites and also allows Us to improve our sites. 
  * Identify Your preferences when customizing content or functionality for You. 
  * Confirm You are a registered user and save Your log-in details when accessing certain Services on Our website. 
  * Show you advertisements which are relevant to your interests based on your use of Our sites.
  * Collect statistics on the use of Our Services. 
  * We may also use cookies and web beacons to ensure that Our mailing tools are working properly. 

### 7.4 Cookies allow Us to:

We use cookies to collect information from visitors to Our website. Our
servers use two different types of cookies: Session cookies: this type of
cookie is only assigned to Your computer for the duration of Your visit to Our
website. A session cookie helps You to move around Our website more quickly
and, if You are already a registered customer, it allows Us to provide You
with the information that is most relevant to You. This cookie automatically
expires when You close the browser.  
Persistent cookies: this type of cookie will remain on Your device for a
period of time set for each cookie. Flash cookies are also persistent.

### FIRST-PARTY COOKIES

Those created or managed by the party responsible for the bwin.com website.
Our Website uses persistent first-party cookies for the following purposes:

  * To better understand Your preferences.
  * To differentiate You from other users of Our websites, which will help us to provide You with a better experience when You browse Our websites and allow us to improve Our websites.
  * To identify Your preferences in order to personalise content and functionality.
  * To confirm that You are a registered user and to save Your log-in details to access other Services on Our website.
  * To collect statistics on the use of Our Services.
  * To allow to manage the advertising spaces based on criteria such as the frequency our ads are shown.
  * We may also use cookies and web beacons to ensure that Our mail tools are working correctly.

### THIRD-PARTY COOKIES

Those managed by advertising and analysis service providers outside of Our
Webiste

Detailed below are the third parties that can configure and access cookies on
Your device, as well as the purposes for which the information they store is
used:

  * Analysis cookies (used by Adobe Omniture): These cookies are chosen to study the internal movement around pages and to provide analytical information about visitors, including mouse clicks and mouse movements. Adobe Omniture provides Us with statistical information. Adobe guarantees the anonymity of the data about visits to Our Website on Our behalf. This information is used to study volumes of usage on Our web pages and to improve these pages. The cookies used to collect these data are both first- and third-party cookies, and include data on traffic and visitors. These cookies do not include or collect any personal data. They allow Us to assess the number of users and, thus, measure and carry out statistical analysis on the use that users make of the service. For this purpose, Your browsing activity across Our website is analysed to enable us to improve the range of services We offer to You. You can find more information at: www.adobe.com/en/privacy/cookies.html
  * Advertising cookies (used by Doubleclick and Adform): These cookies allow the most efficient way possible of managing advertising space on the website, application or platform providing the requested service based on criteria, such as edited content or how often adverts are shown. You can find more information at: support.google.com/adsense/answer/2839090?hl=en

### 7.5 List of Our main cookie categories

You can find more information about the individual cookies we may use and the
purposes for which we use them in the table below.

### STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES

Strictly necessary cookies are essential to allow a user move around a website
and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website, or
shopping basket. Without these cookies, we would not be able to make our
websites work efficiently.

### PERFORMANCE COOKIES

Performance cookies allow us to collect information about website usage. These
cookies collect anonymous information that doesn’t identify a visitor. The
information collected is used to improve how our websites work and how we can
improve them. For example,

  * Web analytics
  * Ad response rates
  * Error management
  * Testing designs

### FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES

Functionality cookies allow a website to remember choices a user makes (user
ID, language or location) and it allows the website to provide a more enhanced
service. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and cannot
track individual browsing activity. For example,

  * Remembering user settings 
  * Detecting that a service has already been offered
  * Fulfilling a user request 

### ANALYTICAL COOKIES

Analytical cookies recognise and count the number of users and to see how
visitors move around the site when they are using it.

### 7.6 Deactivation or removal of cookies

#### 7.6.1 Cookies

You have the option to accept or refuse cookies. The majority of web browsers
allow You to manage user preferences on the use of cookies at any time.  
To configure Our cookies and those of third parties, users can go to:

  * Google Chrome: Tools → Settings → Show advanced settings → Content settings → Cookies → Block third-party cookies and site data
  * Mozilla Firefox: Tools → Options → Privacy → History→ Use custom settings for history (uncheck all boxes)
  * Internet Explorer: Tools → Internet Options → Privacy → Settings for the Internet Zone (move the navigation bar up to “Block all cookies”)
  * Safari: Settings → Preferences → Privacy → Block cookies (select “always”)
  * Safari (IOS): Settings → Safari → Block cookies

#### 7.6.2 Flash cookies

You can change Your Flash Player settings to prevent the use of flash cookies.
To manage the use of flash cookies, You should visit the following link:
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html.
If You do not wish to allow any Flash Player data to be stored, uncheck the
boxes “Allow Flash content to store data on Your computer” and “Store common
Flash components to reduce download times”. If You wish to limit the amount of
data collected by Flash applications, move the slider in the Global Storage
Settings panel to the desired position.

### 7.7 Withdrawal of consent to the use of cookies (opt-out)

Users can withdraw their consent to the use of cookies in their browser using
the manufacturer options of the browser being used or by installing a
rejection system (“opt-out”) via the links of certain third parties that
install cookies on bwin.com web pages.

  * Adobe Omniture opt-out: www.adobe.com/en/privacy/opt-out.html
  * Doubleclick opt-out: www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/opt-out.html

To remove flash cookies already installed on Your computer:

  * www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
  * Select the option “Delete all sites” or choose the specific website that You wish to remove and select “Delete website”.

You should be aware that certain features of the content on the www.bwin.com
website are only available if You allow the installation of cookies in Your
browser. If You decide to refuse cookies You may not be able to experience all
or part of the interactive functionality of Our websites.

Alternatively, You can visit www.aboutcookies.org in order to obtain
information on deleting or controlling cookies.

### 7.8 Changes to cookie policy

Our Website may amend this cookie policy based on new legislative or
regulatory requirements, or to ensure that said policy complies with
instructions issued by the Gibraltar Data Protection Division. If You would
like more information about how We use cookies, You may contact our Customer
Service.

## 8\. CONSENT TO USE OF ELECTRONIC SERVICE PROVIDERS

In order to play real money games on the Services, You will be required to
send money to and receive money from Us. We may use third-party electronic
payment processors and/or financial institutions ('ESPs') to process such
financial transactions. By accepting this Privacy Policy, You expressly
consent to Personal Information necessary for the processing of transactions
being shared with ESPs, including, where necessary, the transfer of
information outside of Your country. We take steps to ensure that Our
arrangements with ESPs protect Your privacy.

## 9\. CONSENT TO SECURITY REVIEW

We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate Your
identity, age, the registration data provided by You and to verify Your use of
the Services and Your financial transactions for potential breach of Our Terms
and Conditions of Use and of applicable law. By accepting Our Terms and
Conditions of Use You authorise Us, Our staff, agents and suppliers to use
Your Personal Information and to disclose Your Personal Information to third
parties for the purposes of validating the information You provide to Us in
the course of using the Services, including, where necessary, the transfer of
information outside of Your country. Security reviews may include but are not
limited to ordering a credit report and/or otherwise verifying the information
You provide against third-party databases. In addition, to facilitate these
security reviews, You agree to provide such information or documentation as We
may request.

## 10\. CONSENT TO USE OF ANTI-CHEATING SOFTWARE

Our software package - used to access and use the Services - contains certain
features designed to detect use of automated programs that enable artificial
(non-human) intelligence to play on Our site. Use of such 'bot' software
programs violates Our Terms and Conditions of Use, where We deem it
detrimental to other players. By installing Our software and using the
Services, You consent to Our software performing the functions described in
this section. Our software may perform any or all of the following functions
in order to detect the use of illicit automated programs and ensure that We
maintain a 'cheat free' environment for all users: (1) scan Your list of
active software applications while You are using the Services; (2) scan Your
list of active processes while You are using the Services; and (3) scan the
files in Your Services and site-related program folders to ensure that only
'non-hacked' versions of Our software are being used. If any of the foregoing
processes reveals a suspect application or process, Our software may scan the
files associated with the suspect application or process and compile a
composite mesh (i.e., a profile that characterizes the files associated with
the application or process) to be matched against profiles for known illicit
automated programs. Our software will not perform any random search of large
portions of Your hard drive, equipment or files, and it will not transmit any
information to Us or to any third party other than the information necessary
to identify use of illicit automated programs as described above. Our software
will not alter any files or information on Your computer or other equipment
and will not interfere with the operation of any of Your applications. You may
terminate use of Our software at any time by uninstalling Our software
package.

## 11\. SECURITY

We understand the importance of information security and the techniques needed
to secure information. We store all of the Personal Information We receive
directly from You in a password-protected database residing within Our secure
network behind active state-of-the-art firewall software. Our Services support
SSL Version 3 with 128-bit encryption. We take steps to ensure Our
subsidiaries, agents, affiliates and suppliers also employ adequate levels of
security.

## 12\. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN

The Services are not intended for or directed at persons under the age of
eighteen (18) (or the lawful age in their respective jurisdiction). Any person
who provides their information to Us through any part of the Services
represents to Us that they are eighteen (18) years of age (or the lawful age
in their respective jurisdiction) or older. It is Our policy to uncover
attempts by minors to access Our Services which may involve Us having to
access and verify Your Personal Information. If We become aware that a minor
has attempted to or has submitted personal information via the Services, We
will not accept this information and will take steps to remove such
information from Our records.

## 13\. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS

Personal Information collected on the Services may be stored and processed in
any country in which We or Our affiliates, suppliers, ESPs or agents maintain
facilities. By using the Services, You expressly consent to any transfer of
information outside of Your country (including to third countries that may not
have been assessed as having adequate privacy laws). Nevertheless, We take
steps to ensure that Our agents, affiliates and suppliers comply with Our
standards of privacy regardless of their location.

## 14\. THIRD-PARTY PRACTICES

We cannot ensure the protection of any information or images that You provide
to a third-party online site that links to or from the Services or any
information collected by any third party administering Our affiliate program
(if applicable) or any other program, since these third-party online sites are
owned and operated independently of Us. Any information collected by these
third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy
policy, if any, of such third party. If You have questions about a third
party's information practices, please read its privacy policy. We assume no
responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies
of such third parties, and We are not responsible for the content or privacy
practices of such online sites.

## 15\. LEGAL DISCLAIMER

The Services operate 'AS-IS' and 'AS-AVAILABLE,' without liability of any
kind. We are not responsible for events beyond Our direct control. Because of
the complex and constantly changing nature of Our technology and business, We
cannot guarantee nor do We represent that there will be error-free performance
regarding the privacy of Your Personal Information, and We will not be liable
for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to
the use or release of Personal Information.

## 16\. MERGERS AND OTHER EVENTS REQUIRING TRANSFER

If We should ever file for bankruptcy, or become insolvent, or be acquired by
a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of Our assets, or
transfer substantially all or part of Our relevant assets to a third party, We
are entitled to share the Personal Information and all other information You
have provided through the Services to potential and subsequent business and
merger partners. By agreeing to the standard Terms and Conditions of Use, you
hereby give your consent to such transfer of this information.

## 17\. CONSENT TO PRIVACY POLICY

By clicking 'Submit' or 'I agree' during the registration process or by Your
continued use of the Services following the posting of this Privacy Policy (as
applicable), You agree to this Privacy Policy. This is Our entire and
exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. This Privacy
Policy should be read in conjunction with Our Terms and Conditions of Use and
any additional applicable terms posted on Our Platforms. We may periodically
make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify You of these changes by
posting the modified terms on Our Platforms. We recommend that You revisit
this Privacy Policy regularly.

ElectraWorks Limited is registered on the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority Data
Protection Register.

Modified, June 2015

