Cookie policy

## Cookie Policy

If you accept cookies we can provide you the optimal service on this website.  
Learn more about data privacy and cookies

Reject Accept

## Search

Suchwort

## Choose Language

  * EN: EN

## Select country page

### Aktuelle Länderseite

Group

### Weitere Länderseiten

  * Group
  * Austria
  * Belgium
  * Bulgaria
  * Croatia
  * Czech Republic
  * Denmark
  * Estonia
  * Finland
  * France
  * Germany
  * Greece
  * Hungary
  * Ireland
  * Italy
  * Latvia

  * Lithuania
  * Luxembourg
  * Malta
  * Netherlands
  * Norway
  * Poland
  * Portugal
  * Romania
  * Serbia
  * Slovakia
  * Slovenia
  * Spain
  * Sweden
  * Switzerland
  * Turkey
  * United Kingdom

## Navigation

  * Home 
  * The company

GLS Group

    * Vision & Values
    * Facts & Figures
    * History
    * Sustainability
    * Compliance

Career

    * Working at GLS

GLS up to date

    * News
    * Customer information
    * Safety advice

Media

    * Video | Sound | Images
      * The GLS film
    * Press room

  * Shipping solutions

How to ship with GLS

    * Regular shipment
      * IT solutions
    * Occasional shipment

Our offer

    * Parcel
    * Express
    * Services
    * Logistics

  * Service for recipients

How it works

    * Parcel delivery
    * ParcelShops

GLS on your mobile

    * GLS App

Options

    * Parcel tracking
    * Parcel redirection
    * Signature release authorisation
    * Complaints
    * ParcelShop search

  * Home
  * 

# Privacy Policy

## of General Logistics Systems B.V.

  * Standard

  * Download

General Logistics Systems B.V., Amsterdam (GLS) and its subsidiaries perform
reliable and high quality parcel services as well as express deliveries and
logistics related value added products.

GLS takes data privacy seriously. For that reason personal data is collected
solely according to the applicable statutory regulations. The latest version
of this privacy policy can be found on our website www.gls-group.eu.

### Personal data

Personal data comprises particulars on personal or factual circumstances of a
specific or determinable individual. This includes for instance information
such as name, address, telephone number and date of birth. Information that
cannot be linked to a specific or determinable individual - such as favoured
web pages or the number of users on a page - is not considered as personal
data.

### Collection, Processing and Use of personal data on the GLS website

(1)  
Each time a user accesses a GLS website, data is recorded in a log file. The
following data is temporarily recorded:

\- Date and time of request  
\- IP address or DNS name of the requesting computer  
\- requested page (URL)  
\- HTTP answer code  
\- Client operating system and version  
\- Browser and version

(2)  
To use the websites of GLS it may be necessary for GLS’s servers to set
cookies. These cookies are used for the technical administration of the
website. Every visitor can configure his/her browser to refuse cookies. In
this case no data will be saved on the visitor's computer. It may be that you
cannot use all functions of the website to the full extend when cookies are
disabled.

(3)  
The GLS website is divided into open and closed area. The closed area partly
serves to fulfil the contract between the customer and GLS and is only
accessible after login with an individual user name and password.

Among other functionalities the open area provides a contact form, Track and
Trace functionality and the Parcel Shop search. Personal data entered in the
contact form such as name, street, postcode, place, etc. is required for
processing your enquiry and will not be passed on to third parties.

(4)  
The stored data from (1) is anonymously analysed for statistical purposes.
Statistical reports are used to evaluate the usage of the GLS websites. In
particular, the order in which the pages are visited and the path taken
between pages is shown. This is intended to give GLS an indication as to how
the usability of the website can be further improved.

(5)  
The GLS website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc.
("Google"). Google Analytics uses so called "cookies", i.e. text files that
are saved on your computer, allowing an analysis of how you use the web site.
The information about your use of this web site, generated by the cookie
(incl. your IP address), is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and
saved there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address
is shortened before transmission in member states of the European Union or
other contractual states of the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only
in exceptional cases the full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in
the USA and shortened there. Google will use this information in order to
analyse your use of the website, to compile reports about the website
activities for the website operator and to perform further services that are
connected with the website use and the internet use. Moreover, Google will
transmit this information to a third party when indicated, as far as this is
legally mandatory or as far as a third party is processing this data on behalf
of Google. Google will in no case connect your IP address with other data of
Google. You can avoid the installation of cookies by adjusting the according
settings of your browser software; however we would like to point out that in
this case you might not be able to use all functions of this web site to the
full extent. Furthermore you can block the registration of the data created by
the Cookie (incl. your IP address) and related to your use of this website and
the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the
browser plugin available under http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en .

The GLS website uses the Google Analytics extension „ga('set', 'anonymizeIp',
true);“. This ensures anonymised registration of IP addresses ("IP masking").

Status as of: 15/08/2012

* * *



##  Your GLS / EasyStart

* * *

##  YourGLS

* * *

## Track & Trace

Track ID / Parcel number

Contact

## Depots / ParcelShops

* * *

Street Postal Code / City

  * Corporate information
  * FAQ
  * Privacy policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Sitemap

Top

