Menu

  * Explore 
    * Overview
    * Latest Version new
    * Features
    * Use Cases
    * Security
    * Integrations
  * Credentials 
    * Success Stories
    * Why TeamViewer
    * Enterprise Solutions
    * IoT Solution
  * Download 
    * TeamViewer
    * Mobile Apps
    * Custom Modules
    * Changelog
  * Buy Now 
    * Get a License
    * Contact Sales
    * License Assistant
    * Expand Your License
    * Request quote
  * About Us 
    * Company
    * Press
    * Careers
    * Contact & Feedback
    * Our Products

  * Support
  * Contact
  * Community
  * Blog

  * FAQ
  * Videos
  * Documents
  * Community

  * Login

# Privacy Policy

### 1. Introduction

We, the TeamViewer GmbH, take protection of your personal data very seriously
and strictly adhere to the rules laid out by data protection laws.

The following policy provides an overview of how we ensure this protection and
what kind of data is collected for what purpose.

### 2. Information about the Collection of Personal Data

Below we provide information about the collection of personal data when using
this website and the TeamViewer product. Personal data is any data that can
personally reference you, such as your name, address, email addresses, user
behavior.

### 3. Provider Identification

The service provider in accordance with § 13 Telemediengesetz (TMG) [German
Telemedia Act] and the responsible body in accordance with § 3 para. 7
Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG) [German Federal Data Protection Act] is
TeamViewer GmbH, Jahnstr. 30, 73037 Göppingen, for details see our imprint:
http://www.teamviewer.com/de/company/index.aspx#imprint.

### 4. Data Security

We maintain technical measures to ensure data security, in particular to
protect your personal data from threats when transmitting data as well as from
third party access. These measures are adjusted according to the latest
technologies.

### 5. Collection of Personal Data for Informational Use

When you merely use the website for informational purposes, i.e. if you do not
log in to use the website, register, or otherwise provide us with information,
we do not collect any personal data, except for the data transmitted by your
browser that enables you to access the website. This includes:

  * IP address
  * Date and time of the request
  * Time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
  * Content of the request (specific site)
  * Access status / HTTP status code
  * Volume of data transmitted each time
  * Website from which the request comes
  * Browser
  * Operating system and its interface
  * Language and version of the browser software
  * The country of origin for the visitor

### 6. Collection of Personal Data for Use of the Product

By using the TeamViewer product, TeamViewer collects data as it deems
appropriate for the fulfillment of the contract. This includes, among other
things, the TeamViewer ID as well as the IP address of the last access.
TeamViewer does not collect any content data and due to end-to-end encryption,
cannot access the contents of your connection.

### 7. Information about the Use of Cookies

Furthermore, cookies are stored on your computer when you use the website.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard disk in association
with the browser you are using and through which specific information flows to
the agency that sets the cookie (in this case, us). Cookies cannot initiate
programs nor deliver viruses to your computer. They serve only to make the
internet service more user-friendly and effective.  
We use cookies in order to be able to identify you for subsequent visits, if
you have an account with us. Otherwise, you would have to log in again for
every visit.  
The information stored using cookies is stored separately from any additional
data provided with us. In particular, the cookie data is not associated with
your other data.  
This website uses persistent cookies, among others. Persistent cookies are
automatically deleted after a specified period that may differ depending on
the cookie. The persistent cookies that we use persist for about 3 hours after
the time they are no longer in use or after the browser is closed.

You are always able to delete the cookies in the security settings of your
browser.

### 8. Use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google
Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "Cookies", text files that are stored
on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website. The
information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually
transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If you enable IP
anonymization on this website, your IP address from Google will be truncated
within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement
on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances will the full
IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
By order of the operator of the website, Google will use this information to
evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity, and
provide other services regarding website and internet use to the website
operator.

The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of the Google Analytics
will not be merged with other data from Google.

You may block cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings in your
browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case, you
may not be able to use all of the features on this website to their full
extent.

You can also block the collection of the data generated by the cookie and the
data related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) to Google as
well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing a
browser plugin available from the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()". As a
result, IP addresses are processed in a shortened form and direct references
to people can be excluded.

The use of Google Analytics is carried out in accordance with the conditions
to which the German data protection authorities have agreed on with Google.
Information about the third-party provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland
Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001.
Terms of Use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Overview on data
protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as
well as the privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.

### 9. Use of Google AdWords

Our website uses Google Conversion Tracking. If you clicked on an ad delivered
by Google on our website, a cookie is placed on your computer by Google
AdWords. The cookie for conversion tracking is placed when a user clicks on an
ad delivered by Google. These cookies expire within 30 days and are not
personally-identifiable. If the user visits certain pages on our website and
the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google will be able to recognize that
the user has clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page. Every Google
AdWords customer gets a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked
across sites by AdWords customers. The information obtained using the
conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords
customers who have opted in for conversion tracking. Customers are given an
overall number of users who have clicked on their ad and proceeded to a page
tagged with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any
information that can personally identify users.

If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can take the necessary
steps to block a cookie – such as through a browser setting, which generally
disables cookies from being stored, or adjust your browser settings in such a
way that cookies from the domain "googleleadservices.com" are blocked. Please
note that you may not delete the opt-out cookies as long as you do not wish
for measurement data to be recorded. If you delete all of your cookies, you
must reset the opt-out cookie once again.

### 10. Use of Google Remarketing

This website uses the remarketing feature from Google Inc. This feature is
used to present website visitors interest-based advertising within the Google
ad network. A "cookie" is stored in the browser of a visitor to the website
that enables the visitor to be recognized again later when visiting these
websites, which are a part of the advertising network from Google. On these
pages, the visitor can be presented with advertisements that relate to content
that the visitor has previously called up on websites that use the remarketing
feature from Google.  
According to its own policy, Google does not collect any personal data with
this process. Nevertheless, if you do not want to use the remarketing feature
from Google, you can disable it by changing the appropriate settings at
http://www.google.com/settings/ads. Alternatively, you can disable the use of
cookies for interest-based advertising via the advertising network initiative,
by following the instructions at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

### 11. Use of Our Website Features

In addition to an informative use of our website, we offer various services
that can be used based on interest. To do this, you must usually provide
additional personal data that we will then use to provide the respective
service. If extra voluntary details could be provided, these will be marked
accordingly.

11.1 Use of the "Contact" Feature

When you contact us via email or via the contact form, we will store your
email address and, if you have provided them, your name and phone number in
order to answer your questions.

11.2 Use of the "Buy Now" Feature

If you buy our product through our website, we will collect and store your
contact data (name, address, and email address), as well as which payment
method you have chosen in order to be able to fulfill our obligations under
the resulting business relationship. If you provide them, we will also store
your company name, phone number, as well as the selected country.

11.3 Use of the "Request a Quote" Feature

If you want to request a quote for our product, you will be prompted to
specify the desired products as well as your contact data (name, address, and
email address) and your company in order for us to process your request. This
information will then be used by us to answer your request and also to be able
to fulfill our obligations from the resulting business relationship. If you
provide them, we will also store your phone number as well as the selected
country.

11.4 Use of the "Subscribe" Feature for the Newsletter

If you wish to sign up for our newsletter, you will have to enter you email
address in the appropriate field. We will then store your email address in
order to send you our newsletter.

11.5 Use of the "Support" Feature

When you place a support request, you will be prompted to send an email
request. Therefore, when you contact us here, we will store your email
address, your name, and your telephone number, if you have provided it, in
order to answer your questions. We will also store your message so that we can
process your request.

11.6 Use of the "Career" Feature

If you are interested in a career with TeamViewer, you will be directed by
this to the appropriate career page. Please see the privacy policy on that
page for specifics regarding the career page.

11.7 Use of the "Feedback" Feature

When you contact us via the feedback feature on the website and in the
product, we will store your email address, your country of origin, and if you
have provided them, your name, company, phone number, your license key, as
well your TeamViewer ID, in order to answer your questions. We will also store
your message including the subject and any potential attachments so that we
can process your request.

11.8 Use of the "Reply" Feature in the Blog

As part of our blog, you have the ability to add a comment under a post. In
addition to the content of your comment, we request and store your name and
email address.

11.9 Use of the "Subscribe to Blog" Feature

If you wish to sign up for our blog news, you will have to enter you email
address in the appropriate field. We will then store your email address in
order to send you the blog news.

11.10 Use of Features for servicecamp

"Get Started"  
In order to use servicecamp for free and for us to provide the service, you
will have to create an account. In this case, your email address, as well as
your name will be requested and stored.

Use of the "Send" or Feedback Features.  
When you contact us via this feature on the homepage or in the product which
enables you to ask questions, your email address, name, as well as your
message will be stored in order to answer your questions.

11.11 General Information on the Use of Contact Features

TeamViewer is a globally active company. Our employees therefore have contact
with many languages. It may be necessary to have the message that you enter
into the text field translated through the use of translation tools, so that
we can process every inquiry. This will only happen if absolutely necessary.
Furthermore, your text will only be translated and used so that we can process
it. Please make sure that you do not enter personal information here, if you
have concerns about the translation process.

### 12. Consent and Limits to Use

When entering personal or business data (email address, names, addresses), the
disclosure of your data is entirely voluntary. By entering this data, you
indicate your consent that the entered data can be collected, processed, or
used for the purposes of establishing contact, processing contracts, for
advertising, or for the protection of our own legitimate business interests
with regard to advising and supporting our customers and prospective
customers. It will not be collected, processed, or used for any other purpose.
This consent may be revoked with future effect at any time.

Such data will not be transferred to third parties unless this is specifically
requested by yourself. Companies affiliated with us (within the meaning of §
15 AktG [Aktiengesetzes; German Stock Corporation Act]) shall not be regarded
as third parties.

### 13. Data Transfer to Third Parties

We can transfer your personal data to third parties if we offer participation
in campaigns, contests, reservations, or contract agreements in conjunction
with a third party. In this case, you will be informed specifically about the
transmission to the third parties before your data is forwarded.

In some cases, we use external service providers to process your data. We have
chosen these providers carefully and have commissioned them in writing. They
are bound by our directives and are regularly monitored by us. These service
providers will not forward this data to third parties. Insofar as these
service providers are located in the US, we will notify you of this in
connection with the respective functions. This data processing is also carried
out according to current law.

Comments on posts in the blog, among other things, are accessible to everyone.
You should check your posts before publishing them in order to ensure that
they do not contain information that is not intended for the public. You have
to anticipate that your posts will appear in search engines and that they can
be accessed globally without a purposeful call to our offering.

### 14. Use of Our Online Store

If you would like to place an order in our online store, you can choose
whether you would like to enter the data necessary for your order only once
for this order, or whether you would like to create a customer account which
stores your data for later additional purchases. When you do not create a
customer account, we will store your data for the purpose of fulfilling the
contract and then delete it as soon as we are no longer legally required to
store it. Required fields that are necessary to fulfill the contract are
specially marked; any additional information is voluntary. Upon creation of an
account under "My Account", the data entered by you there will be stored with
the ability to be revoked later.

We will use the data you enter to fulfill your order. For this purpose, we
will give your address data and possibly payment information to companies that
support us in this area. We will delete this data after fulfillment of the
contract and the tax and commercial storage periods.

In order to prevent unauthorized third party access to your personal data, in
particular financial data, the ordering process is encrypted using SSL
technology.

### 15. Right to Obtain Information and Revocation

You have the right to request information from us about the data stored about
you with us at any time, as well as to their origin, recipients or categories
of recipients to whom this data is transmitted, and the storage purpose.

If you have given consent for the use of data, you can revoke this consent at
any time.

All requests and inquiries for information or objections for data processing
should be sent by email to privacy@teamviewer.com or to the address specified
in Point 3.

### 16. Newsletter

For persons to register for our newsletter who are not yet a customer of ours,
we use a method called the double opt-in method. This means that after you
enter your email address, we will send you a confirmation email to the
specified email address where we will ask you to confirm that you want us to
send you the newsletter. If you do not confirm within 24 hours, your
application will be deleted automatically. If you confirm your desire to
receive the newsletter, we will store your email address until you
unsubscribe. Storing this is used solely for the purpose of being able to send
you the newsletter. We also store your IP address and times when you register
and confirm in order to prevent your personal data from being misused.

Your email address is the only piece of information required to send the
newsletter. Providing additional, specially marked information is voluntary
and will be used solely to personalize the newsletter. This data will also be
completely erased upon revocation.

Your consent for the newsletter to be sent can be revoked at any time. You can
revoke your consent by clicking on the link provided in each newsletter email
or by sending a message to the contact details given in the imprint.

### 17. Use of Social Media Plugins

We currently use the following social media plugins: Facebook, Google+,
Twitter.

Address for the respective providers and URLs to their privacy policies:6

Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA;
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; Additional information on data collection:
http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084,
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other applications as well
as http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info everyoneinfo.

Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA;
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/?hl=de.

Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103,
USA; https://twitter.com/privacy.

You may opt out of using these social media plug-ins and other cookies at any
time with effect for the future by deactivating the cookies in your browser
settings.

17.1 Facebook

We use a social plugin from the social network, facebook.com, on our website.
Facebook is a company of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA,
94304, USA. The plugins are identifiable by one of the Facebook logos. This is
a "thumbs up symbol". The phrase "Facebook Social Plugin" also appropriately
identifies it. The list and appearance of the Facebook Social Plugins can be
viewed at the following Internet address:
http://developers.facebook.com/plugins.

With the help of the "Facebook pixel" linked to our Internet presence, we can
track particular actions of users after they have seen or clicked on a
Facebook ad. This allows us to track the effectiveness of Facebook advertising
for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way
is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users.
However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which we will inform
you according to our state of knowledge.

Each time you open a web page in our website that has such a plugin, the
plugin causes the browser you are using to load and present the visual
representation of the plugin from the Facebook server. Therefore, your browser
establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the
plugin is transmitted directly to your browser from Facebook and integrated
into the website. Therefore, we have no influence on the amount of data that
Facebook collects using this plugin. Consequently, we are notifying you of the
information available to us.

The Facebook service is told which specific web page you are visiting within
our website. If you are a member of Facebook and are logged in to Facebook
while you visit our web pages, Facebook detects which specific web page you
are visiting within our website through the information sent by the plugin.
This is then correspondingly assigned to your personal user account. If, for
example, you use the plugin offered by Facebook by clicking on the "Like"
button or enter a comment, then this will be associated with your user account
and stored there. Even if you are not a member of Facebook, it is possible
that Facebook will learn your IP address.

Facebook has published their privacy policy at
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. This is where you will find the purpose
and scope of Facebook's data collection as well as information about how
Facebook processes and uses the data. Your rights concerning this matter and
settings options to protect your privacy are also published there.

You can prevent the transmission and storage of data about yourself personally
and about your surfing habits if you log out of Facebook. You must log out of
Facebook before you visit our website. Moreover, a browser add-on called
"Facebook Blocker" is available at the following link. "Facebook Blocker"
prevents data collection and disclosure of your visitor data in the future.
Facebook Blocker can be found at
http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/

17.2 Google Plus

We use the "+1" button from the social network, Google Plus, on our website.
This social network is operated by Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, California 94043, USA (hereinafter called "Google"). The button
is identifiable by the "+1" symbol on a white and colored background.

Every time you open a web page in our website that has a "+1" button, a visual
representation of the "+1" button will be loaded and presented from the Google
server on the browser you are using via the "+1" button". The Google server
receives a message about which specific web page of our website you are
visiting. According to the information available to us, Google logs your
browsing history when a "+1" button is displayed for a period of up to two
weeks for system maintenance and troubleshooting purposes. Your visit to our
website is not further evaluated with a "+1" button.

If you press the "+1" button while you are logged in to Google Plus, Google
collects information about the URL recommended by you, your IP address, and
other browser-related information via your Google profile. This saves your
"+1" recommendation and makes it publicly available. Your "+1" recommendations
can be displayed along with your profile name and photo in Google services,
organic search results, your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and ads
on the Internet.  
We have no influence on the amount of data that Google collects with the "+1"
button. According to the information available to us personal data is not
collected. The IP address is collected and processed only for users who are
logged into Google Plus.

For the Google privacy policy about "+1" buttons as well as additional
information about collection, disclosure, and use of data by Google, see
http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html.

17.3 Twitter

We use the short messaging service Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom Street, Suite 600,
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.

With the help of the "Twitter pixel" linked to our Internet presence, we can
track particular actions of users after they have seen or clicked on a Twitter
ad. This al-lows us to track the effectiveness of Twitter advertising for
statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is
anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users.
However, this data is stored and processed by Twitter, which we will inform
you according to our state of knowledge.

When using Twitter, for example, by means of a "re-tweet", Twitter links your
Twitter account with the corresponding websites you used. Twitter passes this
information on to other users, in particular your followers. This represents a
transmission of data into the USA and thus data processing in terms of data
protection law into a third country. Twitter has not informed us about either
the content of the transmitted data or about further use of the data. For the
Twitter data protection disclaimer, see: http://twitter.com/privacy.

Please note that there is the option to be able to change your Twitter privacy
settings in your account settings there at http://twitter.com/account/settings

### 18. Integration of Third Party Services

It is possible that third party content will be integrated from other websites
within this website, such as videos from YouTube, maps from Google Maps, RSS
feeds, or graphics. This always presupposes that the providers of such content
(hereinafter referred to as the "third-party provider") detect the IP address
of the user. Because without the IP address, they could not send the content
to the browser of each user. The IP address is therefore necessary to present
this content. We strive to use only such content whose respective providers
use the IP addresses solely to deliver the content. However, we have no
control over whether the third-party providers save the IP addresses for
statistical purposes, for example. We inform users about this insofar as this
is known to us.

We are always careful that the European standard for data protection is
maintained in order to effectively protect your data.

### 19. Additional Information

Your trust is important to us. That is why we are always available to talk
with you at any time and answer any questions concerning how your data is
processed. If you have any questions that could not be answered by this
privacy policy or if you wish to receive more in depth information about any
topic within it, please contact the Data Protection Officer at any time at:
privacy@teamviewer.com.

### 20. Address

TeamViewer GmbH  
Jahnstr. 30  
73037 Göppingen

Phone: +49 (0)7161 60692 50  
Fax: 07161 60692 79  
E-Mail: Email Service

Get Started Now! It's free for personal use or as a trial version for business
users. Download TeamViewer  

#### Get exclusive deals and the latest news

Newsletter Subscription

#### Language Selection

TeamViewer is available in more than 30 languages

Bahasa Indonesia Česky Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski
Italiano Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Slovenčina
Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Български Українська Русский
ไทย 한국어 中文 (台灣) 中文 (简体) 日本語 English

### Please select a language

  * Bahasa Indonesia
  * Česky
  * Dansk
  * Deutsch
  * English
  * Español
  * Français
  * Hrvatski
  * Italiano
  * Lietuvių
  * Magyar

  * Nederlands
  * Norsk
  * Polski
  * Português
  * Română
  * Slovenčina
  * Srpski
  * Suomi
  * Svenska
  * Tiếng Việt
  * Türkçe
  * Ελληνικά

  * Български
  * Українська
  * Русский
  * ไทย
  * 한국어
  * 中文 (台灣)
  * 中文 (简体)
  * 日本語

TeamViewer

Latest Version

Remote Support

Remote Access

Meetings & Collaboration

Remotely Support Mobile Devices

Screenshots

Integrations

About Us

Company

Press Releases

Blog

Careers

Contact

Modern Slavery Act

Support

Knowledge Base (English)

TeamViewer Community

TeamViewer Academy

Submit a Ticket

Documents

Videos

Changelog

More Products

blizz

ITbrain

Monitis

Uninstall       Imprint       Privacy Policy       EULA  

