This site is also available in EnglishView this site in English

Close this bar and continue in English

GAMES COMPANY JOBS SUPPORT SHOP

## Blizzard Gear

Looking for apparel, collectibles and more? Check out the Blizzard Gear store
and its many products.

## Battle.net Shop

Check out all the Blizzard games and digital products in our online store.

Home

Company

About Blizzard Entertainment

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

### Blizzard Entertainment® Online Privacy Policy

Blizzard Entertainment Inc. (referred to herein as "Blizzard"), a US company
located at 16215 Alton Parkway,Irvine, CA 92618, United States adhering to the
Safe Harbor principles (for more information click here), its parent company
and its subsidiary companies, including Blizzard Entertainment SAS in France,
respect the privacy rights of their on-line visitors and recognize the
importance of providing a secure environment for the information they collect.

It is therefore important to make available to on-line visitors an explanatory
document outlining how their personal details are collected, processed and
utilized (hereafter the "Privacy Policy"). This Privacy Policy explains the
ways in which Blizzard safeguards the privacy rights of its on-line visitors.
By using this website, you accept this Privacy Policy. Please note that the
Blizzard Privacy Policy does not apply when you access other sites via the web
links located on Blizzard internet sites, as we have no control over the
activities of these other sites. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy may vary
from time to time; please consult this document periodically so that you are
aware of any changes. The date of the last update indicates the date of the
most recent modifications.

This Privacy Policy respects all applicable laws on data protection.

This Privacy Policy applies to the following Internet sites:  

  * http://www.battle.net/
  * http://www.battle.net/wow/
  * http://www.battle.net/sc2/
  * http://www.battle.net/d3/
  * http://www.battle.net/hearthstone/
  * http://www.heroesofthestorm.com/
  

  * http://eu.blizzard.com/en-gb/
  * http://eu.blizzard.com/fr-fr/
  * http://eu.blizzard.com/es-es/
  * http://eu.blizzard.com/de-de/
  * http://eu.blizzard.com/ru-ru/
  * http://eu.blizzard.com/it-it/
  * http://eu.blizzard.com/pl-pl/
  

  * http://classic.battle.net/

Blizzard also has other domain names which link to the Internet sites listed
above, in which case this Privacy Policy will apply to these Internet sites.
Furthermore, we may add Internet sites which may not be listed, but which
provide a link to this Privacy Policy and respect the terms within it.

### What personal information we collect and how we use it?

  
Blizzard only collects personal information in accordance with the applicable
laws. An on-line visitor generally submits data to Blizzard for the following
purposes: (1) to purchase goods and services from our on-line stores; (2) to
register for a product or an account, or to participate in network games; (3)
to access personalized services for players; (4) to register a warranty; (5)
to enter a competition; (6) to register a complaint; (7) for customer service
or technical support; (8) a site visit, (9) use of the forums; and/or (10)
eCards and Recruit-a-Friend e-mails.

For the purposes outlined above, Blizzard may require that you submit certain
personal information, which may include your name, your street address, your
telephone number, your email address, your age and/or your date of birth. We
do not require this information if you are just visiting our sites, but you
may be unable to access certain areas of the sites or use certain features,
such as the forums, without registering, or receive certain materials such as
our information bulletins without providing a certain amount of personal
information.

Any visitors purchasing products or services will be required to submit
additional information, such as a valid credit card number and credit card
expiration date. Blizzard has adopted the PCI Data Security Standard (PCI
DSS). The PCI DSS is a multifaceted security standard that includes
requirements for security management, policies, procedures, network
architecture, software design and other critical protective measures. This
comprehensive standard is intended to help organizations proactively protect
customer account data; particularly with regard to credit card payments (for
more information regarding the PCI DSS please click here). We will only
collect, store and/or use your credit card data in accordance with the PCI
DSS.

### What other information we will collect and how we will use it?

Your web browser or your client software will forward to Blizzard geographical
information, data concerning your computer (e.g. capabilities, game data
processing, and browser type,) and data concerning the way you use the
products and services (e.g. log in and log out time). Blizzard will use this
data to generate aggregate statistics about its user community. In addition,
Blizzard will use such information for security, system integrity (the
prevention of hacking, cheats, etc.), or enforcement purposes. Please note
that the use of your data may differ from product to product and from service
to service. Please review the game specific documentation. We will sometimes
link this information with your personal information if we feel that the
conditions of use have been violated or at the request of the legal
authorities.

Blizzard will also ask you to enter a user name and a password. We would ask
that you do not use your real name, the name of another person, or a name
protected by copyright or trademark as a user name.

If you are a registered user, your information may be stored in Blizzard’s
databases to customize the website for you, to provide customized information
about Blizzard and its affiliates or third party products for you, as well as
for other commercial or publicity purposes.

### What cookies are and how we use them?

  
Cookies are small data files sent to your hard disk from the Internet sites
you visit. Any cookies stored on your computer can be used to recall details
such as your password or a previous registration or authentication.

Blizzard may use cookies on its Internet sites to keep track of the fact that
you signed in, so that you do not have to continually enter your password or
your registration details.

Blizzard may use cookies to collect information about the sections of the
websites you visit, the products you are interested in, and to track your
navigation through its websites.

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. You can block cookies or set your
browser to receive a warning message before any cookies are saved onto your
PC. If you would prefer not to have any cookies installed on your hard drive,
we recommend that you consult your browser documentation or the help window
for more information. Cookies may, however, be necessary for running certain
applications on our sites and blocking them may result in your being unable to
access certain applications.

### What IP (Internet Protocol) addresses are and how we use them?

  
An IP address is the number assigned to your server or your computer by your
Internet Service Provider ("ISP"). Blizzard may require these IP addresses for
account authentication, system administration purposes, or for sending out
information collectively. Blizzard may also use IP addresses to limit the use
of its servers by any other system in order to avoid any misuse of its
servers.

We may sometimes use these IP addresses and associate them with a particular
account or user if we feel that the conditions of use have been violated or at
the request of the legal authorities.

### Who collects, processes and uses your information?

  
When you visit a Blizzard site and you are asked to provide information, you
only share this information with Blizzard except where clearly indicated to
the contrary. Some services are, however, provided in conjunction with
affiliated companies, and for the provision of these services, Blizzard may
share your personal information with its affiliated companies, in particular
Blizzard Entertainment SAS in France and Blizzard Entertainment Ireland
Limited. If a company other than Blizzard receives your personal data, you
will be notified before this operation takes place. In any case, the transfer
of personal data to another company will only be carried out with your express
authorization.

The information you enter on forms on Blizzard’s websites will only be sent to
Blizzard once you have clicked the "Send" or the "OK" button. You can halt the
transfer of data at any time by quitting the form screen, i.e. by closing your
web browser prior to clicking the "Send" or the "OK" buttons; no information
will then be sent to Blizzard.

Please bear in mind that message boards and Internet sites linked to our sites
could obtain some of your personal information. We would remind you that
Blizzard’s Privacy Policy does not apply to these message boards or to these
other sites, as we have no control over their activities.

### How your personal information could be used?

  
The personal data you submit to Blizzard allows us to process your orders, and
provide you with the game, customer, and technical support services, and, if
you wish, to inform you of our new products, updates and/or competitions,
promotional offers and special events.

With your consent, we can also send your personal information to other
companies or organisations who offer products which may be of interest to you.

In addition, you personal information can be displayed within the Real ID
feature, should you decide so.

Finally, we can use your personal data to generate internal statistics for
marketing, consumer profiles or demographic research, etc. to tailor our
products and services to satisfy your requirements. Our aim is to better
understand and serve our clients.

### What is Real ID?

  
Real ID is a voluntary and optional level of identity that keeps you connected
across all of Blizzard’s products and services.

Real ID friends can see each other’s real-life name and can see each other’s
characters across all Blizzard products and services. By participating in Real
ID, you will also be making your real name visible to your friend’s friends,
who will also be able to invite you to become friends.

When you and a friend mutually agree to become Real ID friends, you will have
access to a number of additional features, including the following:

  * Real Names for Friends: Your Real ID friends will appear under their real-life names on your friends list, when chatting, communicating in-game, or viewing a character’s profile.
  * Cross-Realm and Cross-Game Chat: With Real ID, friends can chat cross-realm, cross-faction, and cross-game using Blizzard’s products and services.
  * Rich Presence: You will see additional info on your friends list about what your Real ID friends are up to in Blizzard’s products and services in real time.

### With whom we may share your information?

  
As a general rule, Blizzard will not forward your information to a third party
without your permission. However, we may divulge this data to third party
vendors in response to a product order or to add you to a vendor’s commercial
bulletin circulation list. In some cases, we can also disclose this
information if our License Agreements or Terms of Service have been violated
or if, in all good faith, we judge it is legally justified

As with any business, your personal information is also an asset of Blizzard
and will become part of our normal business records. As such, in the event of
a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event,
your personal information may be transferred to Blizzard ’s successor or
assignee.

### What is Global Play?

  
Certain Blizzard games playable on Blizzard’s Battle.net service feature
“Global Play,” which allows you to play with other players who are outside of
the region associated with the creation of your Battle.net account. The Global
Play feature requires that some or all of the personal information that you
provided when you created your Battle.net account be transferred to servers
operated by Blizzard in the regions where you wish to play. Your personal
information shall be kept safe and under an adequate level of protection
within Blizzard and/or its contractor’s facilities.

### What your rights are concerning the collection, use and distribution of
your personal data?

  
Blizzard allows you to monitor the way in which we use the personal
information we obtain. Any promotional materials which Blizzard may send to
you (e.g. "newsletters" or "information bulletins") contain internal
mechanisms that allow you to block future mailings (Opt-out).

You can also contact us if you wish to change the way in which we use your
personal information, i.e. whether Blizzard, the parent company or any
subsidiary company can send you e-mails or standard mail regarding our
products or services.

You can contact us at the following address: Blizzard Entertainment SAS, TSA
60 001, 78008 Versailles Cedex France. You can also reach us by telephone.
Please state which services or publications you no longer wish to receive so
that we can respond to your needs more effectively.

### What level of security is applied to your personal information?

  
Blizzard deems it a point of honour that the information you send us should be
protected and should remain in its original form, i.e. unaltered. In this
respect, access to all private data is strictly monitored. Furthermore, we
will do our utmost to ensure that the third parties to whom we may forward
this information provide sufficient guaranties of security with regard to this
personal information.

### What you should do if you wish to amend or review your personal
information?

  
If, for any reason, you are concerned about the way in which we collect your
personal information, if you wish to access, amend or correct it, or if you
want us to delete it from our servers, please contact Blizzard Entertainment
SAS, TSA 60 001, 78008 Versailles Cedex, France. You can also contact us by
telephone. Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the
termination of your account and applicable services.

### What you should do if you have any questions or complaints?

  
If you have any questions or complaints, please write a letter to: Blizzard
Entertainment SAS, TSA 60 001, 78008 Versailles Cedex, France.

### Note to parents

  
We feel under a particular obligation to protect information obtained from
young children. We would strongly urge parents to instruct their children
never to disclose their real name, their address or their telephone number
while they are on-line without prior permission. No information should be
transmitted to Blizzard by minors aged 12 years or under. Blizzard commits to
never knowingly processing data provided by minors aged 12 years or under.

Adolescents aged 13-17 years should ask their parents to read our Privacy
Policy and to contact us if they would like any information on our guarantee
of confidentiality or to comment on the content.

Minors under 18 years of age should not order or subscribe to any paid service
on-line without the permission of their parents or guardians. We would ask
parents and guardians to be particularly vigilant and to ensure that their
minors do not transgress when using our sites or on-line services.

Visiting the Blizzard Internet sites and using our on-line services indicates
your acceptance of Blizzard’s Privacy Policy. If you do not accept this
Privacy Policy, please do not visit our Internet sites or use our on-line
services.

Visiting the Blizzard Internet sites and using our on-line services indicates
your acceptance of Blizzard’s Privacy Policy. If you do not accept this
Privacy Policy, please do not visit our Internet sites or use our on-line
services.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 5, 2010.

Company

About Blizzard Entertainment

Company Profile  
Mission Statement  
Awards  
Service Awards  

20 Year Anniversary  
Contests  
Blizzard FAQ  
Contact Us

Career Opportunities

Search for Jobs  
Job Site Support  
University Relations  

Events

BlizzCon  
Tournaments

Press

Press Center

Press | Career Opportunities | Privacy Policy | Legal Documentation | Contact
Us | Sitemap

  
  

All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective
owners.  
(C)2017 Blizzard Entertainment. All rights reserved.

  
  
Language:

English (GB)

Americas &amp; Oceanic

English  
Español  
Português  

Europe

English  
Deutsch  
Français  
Italiano  
Polski  
Español  
Русский  

Asia

한국어  
繁體中文  
English  

English (GB)

  * Stay Connected
  *   
  *   
  *   
  *   

