## Quick access to navigation

  * Go to page navigation
  * Go to page content
  * Go to search
  * Go to homepage
  * Go to contact page
  * Go to sitemap

## Further navigation

  * Travel agencies |
  * Corporate customers |
  * MICE |
  * Travel agencies  |
  * Corporate customers  |
  * MICE  |
  * Help  |
  * Contact  |
  * Career  |
  * Schedule of charges 
  * | Newsletter

  * ##  Log in

  * ##  Favourites list

  * ## My Eurowings

Welcome, ###realUsername###

  * ##  Log out

  * ##  Favourites list

  * ## Select language

EN

    * DE
    * AT
    * EN
    * IT
    * FR
    * ES
    * NL
    * US
  * ##  Search

Username and password do not match.

## Here's to our close collaboration

  * Exclusive service number for travel agencies
  * PEP offers
  * Preferred processing of group requests
  * Special newsletter just for travel agencies

### My Eurowings

Username

Please enter your username.

Password

Please enter your password.

Forgot password? Inform and register

Log in

Username and password do not match.

## Register your company now free of charge and enjoy the following benefits:

  * Current corporate fares with flexible conditions
  * Booking changes or cancellations possible
  * Collect miles in the Boomerang Club and with Miles &amp; More

### My Eurowings

Username

Please enter your username.

Password

Please enter your password.

Forgot password? Inform and register

Log in

Username and password do not match.

## Eurowings MICE Flex customer benefits:

  * Up-to-the-minute dates with flexible terms
  * Free name changes
  * Booking changes and cancellations possible
  * Terms and access data apply worldwide

### MICE

Username

Please enter your username.

Password

Please enter your password.

Forgot your password? Inform and register

Log in

Username and password do not match.

##  The benefits for you:

  * easy booking with pre-entered information
  * an overview of all booked and watched flights
  * current flight status information

###  My Eurowings

Username

Please enter your username.

Password

Please enter your password.

Forgot your password? Haven't got a profile yet?

Log in

Corporate customer login

Search eurowings.com

Please enter a search term.

Start search

Login successful.

Logout successful.

You have logged in with a temporary password. Please set a new password in the
settings immediately.

## Main navigation

  * Booking

    * Book flights Up and away with Eurowings: book the fare you want here quickly and easily!
    * Low-fare calendar First discover then book: the cheapest flights in the daily and monthly overview.
    * Blind Booking Book surprise flights starting from a fixed price of €33.
    * Group booking Like to travel as a group? We can create an individual offer at cheap conditions!
    * All destinations - all prices Take off with joy: low-cost flights within Germany and across Europe.
    * New routes See more of the world with our latest connections.
    * Gift voucher A gift idea for people with wanderlust: simply book your desired amount online.

  * My flight

    * Check-in Save time with our convenient online check-in from 72 hours before departure.
    * Book add-ons Want to add additional services to your flight? That's no problem with our online service!
    * Change flight booking Has something come up? Make booking changes to your flight here.
    * Add miles later Here you can get your Boomerang Club or Miles &amp; More miles credited subsequently.
    * My Eurowings Everything to do with your bookings, all personal data and services in one place.
    * View booking All details and information concerning your booking at a glance.

  * Information

    * Flight status No information falls by the wayside - our latest departure and arrival times.
    * Route network We fly in all directions: our flight connections at a glance.
    * Our services Information about seats, luggage, travelling with children, barrier-free travel, etc. 
    * Our flight schedule Ready for take-off? Here you'll see when and where you can fly with us.
    * Our destinations Find out more about our national and international destination airports!
    * Airports and terminals Your travel preparation: directions, parking, check-in and onward journey.
    * Stay informed Whether you're on the go or at home - stay up to date with our information services.
    * Our fares BASIC, SMART and BEST: find out more about our fares and services here.
    * Current information Information about flight operations and other news updates.

  * Your rewards

    * Boomerang Club Our smart bonus programme - collect 10,000 miles and book your bonus flight.
    * Miles &amp; More Fly Eurowings, collect miles and redeem them for award flights!
    * Book an award flight Redeem Boomerang Club or Miles &amp; More miles for a bonus flight now.
    * Hotels, insurance and car hire Book a low-cost hotel and insurance and hire a car with our partners Booking.com, Avis, Sixt and HanseMerkur.

## You are here:

  1. Home
  2. - Privacy policy (active)

# Privacy policy

If you have any questions, requests or comments about data protection issues,
please send an email to our data protection officer at the following address:
datenschutz@eurowings.com

  * ## Data protection statement

EurowingsÂ considers privacy and personal data protection to be of paramount
importance. We pay special attention to this on our website, eurowings.com.

Any personal data that is collected while visiting our web pages is handled in
line with German legislation, the Federal Data Protection Law (BDSG in
German), the Telecommunications Media Law (TMG in German), and other data
protection provisions. AtÂ Eurowings we respect your private and personal
details.

To protect your data from any unintentional or deliberate manipulation, loss,
deletion or access by unauthorised persons, we have in place technical and
organisational security measures. As technology advances, we constantly
improve these measures.

  * ## Personal data

We need some personal data to be able to deal with your flight booking. When
you visit our website, by default our web servers save the IP address of your
internet service provider, the website you used to reach our homepage, the
webpages you visit at Eurowings, as well as the date and duration of your
visit.Â Eurowings uses cookies to track visitor preferences and adapt our
webpages accordingly.

The first time you book withÂ Eurowings we ask you to provide specific
information, such as your name, address, postal address, telephone number and
email address, and then to select a user name and a password. We store this
data so that you do not have to re-enter it when you subsequently book online.
Alongside this we ask for your payment details, such as bank details, account
number or credit card number, every time you make a booking. The flight
booking is carried out via SSL (secure socket layer), which transmits the data
securely between your web browser and our booking system.

Furthermore, personal data is only stored if you choose to provide it to us,
for instance when you register, fill out a survey, enter a competition or
provide it as part of a contract (e.g. a flight).

In line with EU directive 996/2010,Â Eurowings offers every passenger the
option of appointing a contact person to be informed in the event of an
emergency. They can appoint this person through our call centre.Â This
information is linked to the booking and only used for the purposes stipulated
in directive 996/2010. It will be deleted 48 hours after the final flight
listed in the booking.

Data regarding the flight, passengers, additional services and contact and
payment details is also stored beyond the duration of the contract. You can
access this data at any time in your profile under 'My bookings'.

  * ## API (Advance Passenger Information)

###  API (Advance passenger information): the collection and transmission of
required passenger data

A growing number of destination countries oblige airlines to forward passenger
data to them for arriving in and departing from the country; some also require
it from airlines flying over the country. Usually, such legal regulations
involve the transmission of data on the identity and on the travel documents
(passport, visa) of the passengers and crew on board the aircraft.

As a rule, an airline does not have this data, so it must collect them shortly
before an aircraft departs, which increasingly is being done by means of the
'machine-readable zone' in the new travel documents.

Collection of the data is done solely for immediate transmission to the
authorities of the destination country.

Extension of the API obligation in the European Union is planned over the next
few years.

  * ## Transferring personal data to third parties

EurowingsÂ does not sell or lend the personal data of its customers or
applicants to third parties. The only time we pass on your personal data
(including information on your method of payment and flight booking) is to the
issuing company of the credit or bank card with which you paid for your
booking.

We only pass on personal data to the authorities in line with valid legal
provisions. Our staff and suppliers/partners are sworn to confidentiality and
data secrecy in line with Section 5 of the Federal Data Protection Law (BDSG
in German). All airlines are legally obliged to disclose the flight and
booking details of all passengers to the UKâs customs and border
authorities. This data is used exclusively for security-related purposes.

  * ## Right to retraction

You have the right to receive information on request and free of charge about
the data you have stored on our website. You further have the right to
correct, delete or block incorrect data. Deletion/blocking does not affect
data required by law for accounting and billing-related purposes.

  * ## Use of cookies

We use 'cookies' (files containing set-up details) in accordance with the
provisions of the German Association for the Verification of Distribution of
Advertising Media (IVW). These cookies help you to use our products more
easily by storing your login data, meaning you do not have to register every
time you make a booking. You can also take advantage of our offers without
cookies. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies automatically but it
is possible to deactivate the storage of cookies or to configure your browser
to tell you when cookies are sent. Data in cookies may be forwarded to
cooperation partners once you have given your consent.

  * ## Website tracking

We use cookie-based tracking software to calculate frequency of use and the
number of visits. The software, however, does not allow us to collect personal
data that would enable us to draw conclusions as to the users' identities.Â
Eurowings may provide statistics on customer habits and their use of the
website to reputable third-party companies if said statistics do not contain
any personal information that would permit conclusions to be drawn as to the
customers' identities.

###  Exactag GmbH

Exactag GmbH collects and stores data on this website (www.exactag.com) and
its subpages for marketing and optimisation purposes. From this data user
profiles can be created under a pseudonym. For this purpose, cookies and a
technique that is called fingerprint can be used. Cookies are small text files
that are stored locally in the cashe of the visitorâs web browser. The
fingerprint technology (also called IP-less Key) stores environment variables
of the Internet browser in a database, without storing user-related data such
as an IP address (IP address in Wikipedia). Cookies and/or fingerprints allow
for the recognition of the Internet browser. The data collected by the Exactag
technology is, without the explicit consent of the person concerned, not used
to identify the user personally nor aggregated with any personal data about
the bearer of the pseudonym. It is at all times possible to object to the data
collection and storage with effect for the future (Opt-out) via this page:Â
http://www.exactag.com/datenschutz/

###  Adform A/S

Cookies from Adform A/S (Wildersgade 10B, 1, 1408 Copenhagen K, Denmark) are
allowed by Eurowings for the purpose of tailoring adverts of specific business
partners to your tastes and browsing habits, so cookies may be stored on your
computer when you visit our site. These cookies are temporary cookies, which
will be automatically deleted after 60 days of inactivity. These third party
cookies do not collect any personal information. The data stored is collected
at certain times, allowing these companies to see which products have been
viewed most frequently but this is done completely anonymously under randomly
designated user ID numbers. This data will never be pooled with any personal
information you have given Eurowings. Third party cookies have the sole
purpose of allowing our partners to advertise products that may interest you.Â
You can "Opt-out" from having cookies from Adform A/S stored on your PC by
following this link: http://site.adform.com/privacy-policy/en/

This website uses technologies by optimise-it GmbH, Karnapp 25, 21079 Hamburg
(www.optimise-it.de) to collect and store data in pseudonymised form for
marketing and optimisation purposes. Cookies and a technology known as
Fingerprint are used to this end. Cookies refer to small text files that are
stored locally in the Internet browser cache of the site visitor. The
Fingerprint technology stores environmental variables of the Internet browser
in a database, without saving unique user-related data such as an IP address.
Cookies and Fingerprint allow the Internet browser to be recognised. The
collected data are not used to personally identify the visitor of this website
and are not combined with personal data regarding the pseudonym bearer. You
have the option to prevent any future analysis via Fingerprint on this website
by placing a block cookie or opt-out cookie over the chat window (see data
privacy). An analysis will not be conducted via Fingerprint so long as you do
not delete this cookie in the browser.

  * ## Facebook and Google+

###  Data protection statement for use of Facebook plugins ('Like' button)

Our website uses plugins provided by the social network Facebook Inc., 1601
South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The Facebook plugin can be
identified by the Facebook logo or by the 'Like' button. For an illustration
and a full list of all Facebook plugins, clickÂ here.

In compliance with Section 13 TMG (the German Telecommunications Media Law),
we hereby inform you that when the plugin takes you to our website, it
establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server.
This connection is created regardless of whether you have clicked the Facebook
button or not. Even if you are not a Facebook member, Facebook can identify
your IP address and save it, thereby gaining knowledge that you accessed our
pages from your IP address.

If you are a Facebook member and you click on the Facebook 'Like' button while
you are logged in to your Facebook account, you have the option of linking our
pages with your Facebook profile. This enables Facebook to assign the
information that you have accessed our pages to your Facebook user account. If
you do not want Facebook to assign this information to your Facebook user
account, please log out of your Facebook user account.

Please be aware that as the provider of these pages, we do not receive any
information about the data transferred or about the nature or scope of its use
by Facebook. For more information, please see the data use policy of FacebookÂ
here.

###  Data protection statement for use of Google+ ('+1' button)

Our website uses the 'Google+1' (Google Plus) plugin provided by Google Inc.,
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The 'Google+1'
(Google Plus) plugin is identifiable by the blue '+1' character on a white
background.

In compliance with Section 13 TMG (the German Telecommunications Media Law),
we hereby inform you that when the plugin takes you to our website, it
establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Google server.
This connection is created regardless of whether you have clicked the
'Google+1' button or not. Even if you are not a Google Plus member, Google can
identify your IP address and save it, thereby gaining knowledge that you
accessed our website from your IP address.

If you are a Google+ member and you click on the 'Google+1' button while you
are logged in to your Google Plus user account, it enables Google to assign
the information that you have accessed our site to your Google user account.
If you do not want Google to assign this information to your Google Plus user
account, please log out of your Google Plus user account.

Please be aware that as the provider of these pages, we do not receive any
information about the data transferred or about the nature or scope of its use
by Google. For more information about the purpose, scope and use of the data
collected by Google, please see the Google Buttons Policy here.

  * ## Your agreement

When you use the website, you agree to allowÂ Eurowings to collect information
and use it in the manner described above. Due to fast-paced developments in
internet technology we sometimes need to adapt our privacy policy. We will
always inform you of these improvements.

If you have questions, requests or comments concerning data protection, please
send an email to our data protection officer at datenschutz@eurowings.com  

  * ## Newsletter/notification emails

We collect and use your email address in the context of the newsletter in
order to send you news that informs you about interesting topics relating to
Eurowings. Furthermore, we also process and use the email address provided to
send you personalised offers in connection with the newsletter.

Should a link in the newsletter lead you to our websites, you also give us
permission to process and use your IP address, as well as geo data, web
beacons or similar technologies to check whether the offers presented to you
have met your requirements.

We will process and use the data identified in this manner as long as you are
registered to receive the newsletter. You can withdraw permission for the
processing and use of your email address and the analysis in the context of
the newsletter at any time. To do so, please click on the link indicated for
this purpose in the email. The data will then be deleted.

  * ## Links to other websites

Our online offers contain links to other websites that are not covered by this
data protection statement. We have no way of ensuring their operators fulfil
data protection provisions.

## Footer

### Search in footer

Search on eurowings.com

Start search

### Newsletter registration

Email address

Please enter a valid email address.

-176159166 

Subscribe now

Read ourÂ data protection policy.

### Social media links

  * Facebook 
  * Twitter 
  * Google+
  * YouTube 
  * Instagram 

### Service navigation

  * Contact
  * Company
  * Career
  * Advertising with Eurowings

### Legal navigation

  * Sitemap
  * General Conditions of Carriage
  * Privacy policy
  * Imprint
  * Terms of use

### Popular routes

  * London Heathrow - Berlin-Tegel
  * London Heathrow - Cologne-Bonn
  * London Stansted - Cologne-Bonn
  * London Heathrow - Stuttgart
  * London Stansted - Hanover
  * Berlin-Tegel - London Heathrow
  * London Heathrow - Hamburg
  * Cologne-Bonn - London Heathrow
  * Manchester - Cologne-Bonn
  * Manchester - Hamburg
  * London Heathrow - Dusseldorf
  * Dusseldorf - London Heathrow
  * Hamburg - London Heathrow
  * Manchester - Dusseldorf

### Popular topics

  * Luggage
  * FAQ
  * Blind Booking
  * Lounge finder
  * Seat reservation
  * Schedule of charges
  * Voucher
  * Newsletter
  * Miles &amp; More

* * *

### Our Partner Airlines

  * Lufthansa

  * Germanwings

  * Austrian Airlines

  * SWISS

  * Brussels Airlines

### Our partners

  * Avis

  * Sixt

  * Booking.com

  * Deutsche Bahn

  * Hanse Merkur

* * *

### Your benefits at eurowings.com

#### Transparency

Booking with us is always straightforward, fair and without hidden costs.  

#### Collect miles

Earn valuable miles with every flight in the SMART and BEST fares with our
frequent flyer programmes.

#### Advantages of booking online

Take advantage of online services such as booking changes, subsequent
bookings, flight information and much more.

* * *

### Your payment options

  * MasterCard

  * VISA

  * VISA Electron

  * PayPal

  * American Express

  * Diners Club

  * AirPlus

  * Voucher

* * *

### International

  * DE
  * AT
  * EN aktiv
  * IT
  * FR
  * ES
  * NL
  * US

We can only transport children under the age of 12 at the time of travel if
they travel with a responsible companion who has reached majority. Children
and the accompanying adult must belong to the same booking (with the same
booking number). If this is not the case, please contact our call centre no
later than 3 days before departure.

In event that the accompanying adult is not a parent or legal guardian, we
will need written permission from a parent or a legal guardian. Please use the
form provided for this purpose. Without this written permission, we regret
that we will have to refuse carriage.  
On direct flights within Germany, childen ages 5 through 11 may travel with
Eurowings without an accompanying adult (unaccompanied minors). Our child-
friendly staff will care for your child and ensure that he or she reaches the
destination airport safely.

Infants under the age of 2 are not entitled to a seat. Instead, they are
transported on the lap of an adult and secured with a seatbelt (loop belt).

Alternatively, we offer transport in a child safety seat in a separate seat.
Bookings may only be made through the call centre or at one of our airport
counters. Online booking is excluded.

More information aboutÂ travelling with children.

Â Important: the valid age is that on the date of the last flight in the
booking. Â

Close

## Travelling with infants

We can only transport children under the age of 12 at the time of travel if
they travel with a responsible companion who has reached majority. Children
and the accompanying adult must belong to the same booking (with the same
booking number). If this is not the case, please contact our call centre no
later than 3 days before departure.

In event that the accompanying adult is not a parent or legal guardian, we
will need written permission from a parent or a legal guardian. Please use the
form provided for this purpose. Without this written permission, we regret
that we will have to refuse carriage.  
On direct flights within Germany, childen ages 5 through 11 may travel withÂ
Eurowings without an accompanying adult (unaccompanied minors). Our child-
friendly staff will care for your child and ensure that he or she reaches the
destination airport safely.

Infants under the age of 2 are not entitled to a seat. Instead, they are
transported on the lap of an adult and secured with a seatbelt (loop belt).

Alternatively, we offer transport in a child safety seat in a separate seat.
Bookings may only be made through the call centre or at one of our airport
counter. Online booking is excluded.

More information aboutÂ travelling with children.

Â Important: the valid age is that on the date of the last flight in the
booking.

Close

### Carriage of baggage

Description Type of service Short and medium-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment) Long-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment)  
Reduced baggage surcharge for a maximum of one item of checked luggage BAG
from â¬8 / Â£7 / CHF 9 / $9 / CZK 216 / SEK 78 / NOK 72 / PLN 35 / HUF 2,478Â
(depending on route) from â¬25 / Â£22 / CHF 27 / $27 / CZK 676 / SEK 244 /
NOK 225 / PLN 108 / HUF 7,745 / AED 110 / THB 1,100  
Baggage surcharge for a maximum of one item of checked luggage BAG (BM) â¬30
/ Â£27 / CHF 33 / $33 / CZK 811 / SEK 293 / NOK 270 / PLN 130 / HUF 9,294Â
(depending on route) â¬60 / Â£54 / CHF 65 / $65 / CZK 1,621 / SEK 586 / NOK
539 / PLN 260 / HUF 18,588 / AED 265 / THB 2,600  
Baggage surcharge per additional item of checked luggage BAG 2 - 5 â¬75 /
Â£67 / CHF 81 / $82 / CZK 2,027 / SEK 733 / NOK 674 / PLN 325 / HUF 23,235
â¬150 / Â£134 / CHF163 / $164 / CZK4.054 / SEK1.466 / NOK1.348 / PLN 651 /
HUF 46.471 / AED 662 / THB 6.400  
Excess luggage surcharge for the first item of luggage of up to 9 kg of excess
weight XBA/XMA  
â¬50 / Â£45 / CHF 54 / $55 / CZK 1,351 / SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF
15,490 â¬100 / Â£89 / CHF 108 / $109 / CZK 2,702 / SEK 977 / NOK 899 / PLN
434 / HUF 30,981 / AED 441 / THB 4,300  
Excess luggage surcharge for additional items of excess luggage of up to 9 kg
of excess weight XBB-XBE/MBXME â¬50 / Â£45 / CHF 54 / $55 / CZK 1,351 / SEK
489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490 â¬100 / Â£89 / CHF 108 / $109 / CZK
2,702 / SEK 977 / NOK 899 / PLN 434 / HUF 30,981 / AED 441 / THB 4,300  
Transport of ski equipment weighing up to max. 30 kg (skis/snowboards â max.
3 pairs/boards per person) incl. accessories such as sticks and
ski/snowboarding boots (depending on availability) SKI no charge no charge  
Transport of sports weapons per item (incl. ammunition) WEAP â¬50 / Â£45 /
CHF 54 / $55 / CZK 1,351 / SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490 not
available  
Transport of golf equipment per set GOLF â¬50 / Â£45 / CHF 54 / $55 / CZK
1,351 / SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490  â¬100 / Â£89 / CHF 108 /
$109 / CZK 2,702 / SEK 977 / NOK 899 / PLN 434 / HUF 30,981 / AED 441 / THB
4,300  
Transport of bicycle (packed securely for transport) per bike  
Packing material is not provided by us (depending on availability) BIKE â¬50
/ Â£45 / CHF 54 / $55 / CZK 1,351 / SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490
â¬100 / Â£89 / CHF 108 / $109 / CZK 2,702 / SEK 977 / NOK 899 / PLN 434 / HUF
30,981 / AED 441 / THB 4,300  
Transport of the following specialised equipment: bodyboard, surfboard,
sailboard/hang-glider, diving equipment (depending on availability) SPEQ â¬50
/ Â£45 / CHF 54 / $55 / CZK 1,351 / SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490
â¬100 / Â£89 / CHF 108 / $109 / CZK 2,702 / SEK 977 / NOK 899 / PLN 434 / HUF
30,981 / AED 441 / THB 4,300  
  
####  Please note:

If your booking consists of an etixÂ® ticket number and/or aÂ Eurowings flight
booked via one of our partner airlines or at a travel agency, luggage rules
may vary. Please contact the relevant airline or travel agency for more
information.

### Service for disabled passengers

Description Type of service Short and medium-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment) Long-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment)  
Boarding and disembarking assistance for visually impaired passengers BLND no
charge no charge  
Boarding and disembarking assistance for deaf passengers and sign language
users DEAF no charge no charge  
Assistance for passengers with impaired mobility on airport apron WCHR no
charge no charge  
Assistance for passengers with impaired mobility on aircraft steps WCHS no
charge no charge  
Carrying passengers with impaired mobility to seat on aircraft WCHC no charge
no charge  
Transport of manually operated wheelchair WCMP no charge no charge  
Transport of a motorised wheelchair operating on dry batteries WCBD no charge
no charge  
Transport of a assistance dog Assistance dog no charge no charge  
  
### Specific services

Description Type of service Short and medium-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment) Long-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment)  
Service surcharge levied on a booking or booking change (flight date) in line
with Article 5.2.3 of the GCC, as booked via the call centre, at our airport
sales desk or through a commercial agent ADD â¬20 / Â£18 / CHF 22 / $22 / CZK
540 / SEK 195 / NOK 180 / PLN 87 / HUF 6,196 (per booking, not per person and
per journey) â¬20 / Â£18 / CHF 22 / $22 / CZK 540 / SEK 195 / NOK 180 / PLN
87 / HUF 6,196 / AED 88 / THB 900 plus difference in current flight price  
Call centre service fee when subsequently booking additional services that can
be booked online (e.g. additional luggage) RAD â¬10 / Â£9 / CHF 11 / $11 /
CZK 270 / SEK 98 / NOK 90 / PLN 43 / HUF 3,098 (per booking, not per person
and per journey) â¬10 / Â£9 / CHF 11 / $11 / CZK 270 / SEK 98 / NOK 90 / PLN
43 / HUF 3,098 / AED 44 / THB 500 (per booking, not per person and per
journey)  
Charge for a change to the flight date up to 30 minutes before departure
before web check-in closes RBK â¬70 / Â£62 / CHF 76 / $76 / CZK 1,892 / SEK
684 / NOK 629 / PLN 304 / HUF 21,686 plus difference in current flight price
â¬90 / Â£80 / CHF 98 / $98 / CZK 2,432 / SEK 880 / NOK 809 / PLN 390 / HUF
27,882 / AED 397 / THB 3,800 plus difference in current flight price  
Change of name per person and per booking NC1 â¬70 / Â£62 / CHF 76 / $76 /
CZK 1,892 / SEK 684 / NOK 629 / PLN 304 / HUF 21,686 plus difference in
current flight price â¬120 / Â£107 / CHF 130 / $131 / CZK 3,243 / SEK 1,173 /
NOK 1,079 / PLN 521 / HUF 37,177 / AED 529 / THB 5,100 plus difference in
current flight price  
Transport of pets up to 8 kg in an appropriate container (Containers for
transporting pets are not provided by us) PETC â¬55 / Â£49 / CHF 60 / $60 /
CZK 1,486 / SEK 538 / NOK 494 / PLN 239 / HUF 17,039 (no additional charge for
assistance dogs) not available (assistance dogs available, no charge)  
Surcharge per payment by credit card, PayPal or RatePAY TAF 2% of the total
booking fare (for domestic German flights plus VAT) 2% of the total booking
fare  
Surcharge per payment by credit card, PayPal or RatePAY (e.g. in the case of
adding luggage or purchasing flight vouchers) TAFR 2% of the payment amount
(for domestic German flights plus VAT) 2% of the payment amount  
SurchargeÂ for payments by credit card for group bookings per person and leg
TAFG 2% of the payment amount (for domestic German flights plus VAT) 2% of the
payment amount  
Fee per RatePAY-Invoice or PayPal RPF 2% of the payment amount (for domestic
German flights plus VAT) 2% of the payment amount  
Service charge per leg for children up to 2 years of age INF â¬19 / Â£17 /
CHF 21 / $21 / CZK 513 / SEK 186 / NOK 171 / PLN 82 / HUF 5,886 â¬75 / Â£67 /
CHF 81 / $82 / CZK 2,027 / SEK 733 / NOK 674 / PLN 325 / HUF 23,235 / AED 331
/ THB 3,200  
Supervision of children between 5 and 11 travelling alone (unaccompanied minor
service in accordance with Article 21) only within Germany and on flights from
Germany to Zurich and ViennaÂ  UM â¬50 / Â£45 / CHF 54 / $55 / CZK 1,351 /
SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490 not available  
Transport of pushchairs on airport apron, on aircraft steps, in the airport
Pushchairs no charge no charge  
Seat reservation â standard (Middle seat) SEF from â¬5 / Â£4 / CHF 5 / $5 /
CZK 135 / SEK 49 / NOK 45 / PLN 22 / HUF 1,549 from â¬8 / Â£7 / CHF 9 / $9 /
CZK 216 / SEK 78 / NOK 72 / PLN 35 / HUF 2,478 / AED 35 / THB 400  
Seat reservation â standard (Middle seat) for subsequent bookings at the
airport desk SEF â¬10 / Â£9 / CHF 11 / $11 / CZK 270 / SEK 98 / NOK 90 / PLN
43 / HUF 3,098 â¬15 / Â£13 / CHF 16 / $16 / CZK 405 / SEK 147 / NOK 135 / PLN
65 / HUF 4,647 / AED 66 / THB 700  
Seat reservation â standard (Aisle or window) SEF from â¬10 / Â£9 / CHF 11
/ $11 / CZK 270 / SEK 98 / NOK 90 / PLN 43 / HUF 3,098 from â¬18 / Â£16 / CHF
20 / $20 / CZK 486 / SEK 176 / NOK 162 / PLN 78 / HUF 5,576 / AED 79 / THB 800  
Seat reservation â standard (Aisle or window) for subsequent bookings at the
airport desk SEF â¬20 / Â£18 / CHF 22 / $22 / CZK 540 / SEK 195 / NOK 180 /
PLN 87 / HUF 6,196 â¬30 / Â£27 / CHF 33 / $33 / CZK 8111 / SEK 293 / NOK 270
/ PLN 130 / HUF 9,294 / AED 132 / THB 1,300  
Seat reservation with more legroomÂ (in BASIC fare, including snack &amp;
drink) SEF from â¬17 / Â£15 / CHF 18 / $19 / CZK 459 / SEK 166 / NOK 153 /
PLN 74 / HUF 5,267Â (depending on route) from â¬85 / Â£76 / CHF 92 / $93 /
CZK 2,297 / SEK 831 / NOK 764 / PLN 369 / HUF 26,333 / AED 375 / THB 3,600  
Seat reservation with more legroomÂ (in BASIC fare, including snack &amp;
drink) for subsequent bookings at the airport desk SEF â¬35 / Â£31 / CHF 38 /
$38 / CZK 946 / SEK 342 / NOK 315 / PLN 152 / HUF 10,843 â¬90 / Â£80 / CHF 98
/ $98 / CZK 2,432 / SEK 880 / NOK 809 / PLN 390 / HUF 27,882 / AED 397 / THB
3,800  
Seat reservation with more legroom (in SMART fare, including snack &amp;
drink) SEF from â¬3 / Â£3 / CHF 3 / $3 / CZK 81 / SEK 29 / NOK 27 / PLN 13 /
HUF 929Â (depending on route) from â¬40 / Â£36 / CHF 43 / $44 / CZK 1,081 /
SEK 391 / NOK 360 / PLN 174 / HUF 12,392 / AED 176 / THB 1,700  
Seat reservation with more legroom (in SMART fare, including snack &amp;
drink) for subsequent bookings at the airport desk SEF â¬15 / Â£13 / CHF 16 /
$16 / CZK 405 / SEK 147 / NOK 135 / PLN 65 / HUF 4,647 â¬50 / Â£45 / CHF 54 /
$55 / CZK 1,351 / SEK 489 / NOK 449 / PLN 217 / HUF 15,490 / AED 221 / THB
2,200  
Extra seat: empty middle seat (valid for the transport of musical instruments
larger than a guitar) Â  Extra ticket (same price as existing ticket if booked
by midnight on the same day; otherwise the flight fare on the day the private
seat is booked) Extra ticket (same price as existing ticket if booked by
midnight on the same day; otherwise the flight fare on the day the private
seat is booked)  
  
### Other charges

Description Type of service Short and medium-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment) Long-haul route  
(Charges per person and flight segment)  
Save Your Price SYP â¬2 / Â£2 / CHF 2 / $2 / CZK 54 / SEK 20 / NOK 18 / PLN 9
/ HUF 620 â¬10 / Â£9 / CHF 11 / $11 / CZK 270 / SEK 98 / NOK 90 / PLN 43 /
HUF 3,098 / AED 44 / THB 500  
Flat-rate compensation per returned direct debit CBF â¬7,65 / Â£7 / CHF 8 /
$8 / CZK 207 / SEK 75 / NOK 69 / PLN 33 / HUF 2,370  â¬7,65 / Â£7 / CHF 8 /
$8 / CZK 207 / SEK 75 / NOK 69 / PLN 33 / HUF 2,370 / AED 34 / THB 400  
Charge-incurring booking change and cancellation in fares with the Flex option
in line with Article 19.4.3 CXL/RBK  
flex

â¬75 / Â£67 / CHF 81 / 82$ / CZK 2,027 / SEK 733 / NOK 674 / PLN 325 / HUF
23,235

â¬90 / Â£80 / CHF 98 / $98 / CZK 2,432 / SEK 880 / NOK 809 / PLN 390 / HUF
27,882 / AED 397 / THB 3,800  
  
Errors and omissions excepted.

For further information please consult our General Conditions of Carriage.  

Close

  * Short and medium-haul route 
  * Long-haul route 

Services

BASIC

Our budget fare

SMART

Our standard fare

BEST

Our Premium fare  
  
Collect miles - Boomerang Club or Miles &amp; More

Included

Included

Included

Increased mileage credit,  
including HON Circle miles  
  
Snack &amp; drink

From â¬6  

Included

Included

Ã la carte catering  
  
1 bag up to 23 kg

â¬9 - 15Â  
(depending on the route)Â  
if booked online

Included

Included  
  
2nd bag up to 23 kg

â¬75  
if booked online

â¬75  
if booked online

Included  
  
Preferred seatingÂ  
(Middle Seat)

â¬8

Included

Included

Throughout theÂ  
Airbus fleet in rows 1-3  
  
Preferred seating  
(Aisle or window)  

â¬12

Included

Included

Throughout theÂ  
Airbus fleet in rows 1-3  
  
Seat with more legroom  
Snack &amp; drink included  

â¬19 - 21  
(depending on the route)Â  
Â where available

â¬4 - 6  
(depending on the route)Â  
Â where available

Included

Throughout theÂ  
Airbus fleet  
  
Adjacent seat free

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
Lounge access

Cannot be added

Lounge access at select airportsÂ for HON,Â SEN and FTL

Lounge access at select airports  
  
Reserved  
hand luggage compartment

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
Priority check-in

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
Access to security fast lane

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included

At select airports  
  
Booking changes

Surcharge

Free with Flex option *

Free with Flex option *  
  
Cancellation

Cannot be added

Free with Flex option *

Free with Flex option *  
  
Extras  
Special luggage and sport equipment

Surcharge**  
(price depends on service)

Surcharge**  
(price depends on service)

Surcharge**  
(price depends on service)  
  
### Key

  * Included 
  * Cannot be added 

Services

BASIC

Our budget fare

SMART

Our standard fare

BEST

Our Premium fare  
  
Collect miles - Boomerang Club or Miles &amp; More

Included

Included

Included

Mileage credit, including HON Circle miles  
  
SMART-Meals

Cannot be added

Included

One warm and one cold meal incl.

Cannot be added

Ã la carte catering  
  
Sky-Meals  
(Six meals to chose from)  

Sky-MealÂ from â¬7,90

Can be added to SMART-Meals

Cannot be added

Ã la carte catering  
  
Ã la carte catering

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
1 bag up to 23 kg

â¬30  
if booked online

Included

Included  
  
2nd bag up to 23 kg

â¬150Â  
Â if booked online

â¬150Â  
Â if booked online

Included  
  
Preferred seating  
(Middle seat)

â¬10

Included

Included

Throughout theÂ  
Airbus fleet in rows 1-3  
  
Preferred seating  
(Aisle or window)  

â¬20

Included

Included

Throughout theÂ  
Airbus fleet in rows 1-3  
  
Seat with more legroom

â¬90  
where available

â¬50  
where available

Included  
  
Premium seating in the exclusive area

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
More legroom and a comfortably adjustable backrest included

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
Lounge access

Cannot be added

Lounge access at select  
airportsÂ for HON,Â SEN and FTL

Lounge access at select airports  
  
Reserved  
hand luggage compartment

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
Priority check-in  
and boarding

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included  
  
Access to security fast lane

Cannot be added

Cannot be added

Included

At select airports  
  
Booking changes

Surcharge

Free with Flex option*

Free with Flex option*  
  
Cancellation

Cannot be added

Free with Flex option*

Free with Flex option*  
  
Extras  
Special luggage and sport equipment

Surcharge**  
(price depends on service)

Surcharge**  
(price depends on service)

Surcharge**  
(price depends on service)  
  
In-flight entertainment  
Wings Entertain

â¬9,90Â  
(payment on board)

â¬9,90Â  
(payment on board)

Included  
  
WiFi on boardÂ  
Wings Connect

SurchargeÂ  
(price depends on service,  
payment on board)

SurchargeÂ  
(price depends on service,  
payment on board)

SurchargeÂ  
(price depends on service,  
payment on board)  
  
### Key

  * Included 
  * Cannot be added 

### Footnote list

* Can be added for a surcharge; free booking changes and cancellation possible until the end of the departure date

** Where available

Close

In order to prevent forms from being used to send unsolicited email (spam or
junk mail), we require security text fields to be filled in. They guarantee
that the forms are only submitted by "real" people rather than automatically.

Please bear with our use of security text fields. Enter the characters shown
in the image in the security text field.

If you cannot see an image, check your browser settings to see if images
(format: .jpg) are set to be displayed. If necessary, use another browser such
as Internet Explorer.

Close

We collect and use your email address in the context of the newsletter in
order to send you news that informs you about interesting topics relating to
Eurowings. Furthermore, we also process and use the email address provided to
send you personalised offers in connection with the newsletter.

Should a link in the newsletter lead you to our websites, you also give us
permission to process and use your IP address, as well as geo data, web
beacons or similar technologies to check whether the offers presented to you
have met your requirements.

We will process and use the data identified in this manner as long as you are
registered to receive the newsletter. You can withdraw permission for the
processing and use of your email address and the analysis in the context of
the newsletter at any time. To do so, please click on the link indicated for
this purpose in the email. The data will then be deleted.  

Close

etixÂ® is an electronic ticket that replaces paper tickets. It has a 13-digit
number in addition to your booking code. You receive this etixÂ® ticket number
under certain circumstances, for example if you book through the Lufthansa
website or a travel agent. It is saved for you in the etixÂ® database. When
you present your etixÂ® ticket number and a photo ID, you will receive your
boarding pass.

Close

Track your flight and stay up to date on the latest status.

Close

The connection between ${originairport} and ${destinationairport} is carried
out by our partner, Condor. You can book your flight directly with Condor.
Would you like to be automatically redirected to Condor?

OK

Your information has been transferred successfully.Â  

Close

There was a problem transferring your information to us. Please try again
later.

Close

### Flight search

Departure airport

Please check your input and try again.

Destination airport

Please check your input and try again.

Select route

Departure airports

${INPUT} did not yield any results. Please check your input and try again.

An error has occurred.

National airports (A-Z)

  * , 

* * *

International airports (A-Z)

  * , 

* * *

Destination airports

${INPUT} did not yield any results: Please check your input and try again.

An error has occurred.

National airports (A-Z)

  * , 

* * *

International airports (A-Z)

  * , 

* * *

### Map

The following route network map is not optimised for screen readers. Use the
search feature above to access the content.

  * Short and medium-haul route 
  * Long-haul route 

A map of Europe will show airports for selecting a flight route. Use the arrow
keys or TAB to navigate through the list. Press ENTER to select an airport as
a departure or destination airport.

  * Note: you have not agreed to your localisation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: the Web service is not responding. 

Loading ...

  * An error has occurred: the Web service is not responding. 

  * You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer (version 7 or older). 

  * An error has occurred: the Web service is not responding. 

  * Note: you have not agreed to your localisation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: an error has occurred in the use of geolocation. 

  * An error has occurred: the Web service is not responding. 

Loading ...

  * An error has occurred: the Web service is not responding. 

  * You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer (version 7 or older). 

  * An error has occurred: the Web service is not responding. 

Close

When flying from, to or over certain countries* airlines are required by law
to collect certain data through the Advance Passenger Information System
(APIS) and to forward it to the authorities of those countries prior to the
flight.

The following information is required:

  * Title
  * First name and surname
  * Date and country of birth
  * Gender
  * Nationality
  * Passport information

Additional APIS information is required for entry into the USA:

  * Country of residency
  * Destination airport
  * Complete address of your destination (street, city, postal code, state/province, country)Â 

Passengers who book online can enter this information immediately after
completing their booking. Any missing information can be added later by going
to 'My Eurowings'.

To avoid unnecessary delays at the check-in counter, we recommend that you
submit the APIS information as early as possible using our online form.

Please note that you may not be permitted to travel if the information is not
complete.

### Footnote list

* United Kingdom, United States of America, Mauritius, Dominican Republic, Thailand, Cuba

Close

## Partner Airlines

Airline Airline code Website Baggage policy  
Lufthansa LH www.lufthansa.com click here  
Germanwings 4U www.eurowings.com click here  
SWISS LX www.swiss.com click here  
Austrian Airlines OS www.austrian.com click here  
Brussels Airlines SN www.brusselsairlines.com click here  
Condor DE www.condor.com click here  
United Airlines UA www.united.com click here  
Air Canada AC www.aircanada.com click here  
All Nippon Airways NH www.anaskyweb.com click here  
  
Close

Web check-in is currently only available on our long-haul flights to
Mauritius.Â  
You can check in online 72 hours before departure here. Web check-in closes 90
minutes before departure.

Web check-in is currently unavailable on our long-haul flights to Bangkok,
Miami, Orlando, Las Vegas, Seattle, Cancun, Havanna, Varadero, Punta Cana,
Puerto Plata, Jamaica, Namibia.  
Please use our check-in counter at the airport. The check-in counters open
three hours before departure and close 60 minutes before scheduled departure
time.

Close

This offer was added to your favourites. You can access your favourites at any
time by clicking on "Favourites" in the top right.

You have exceeded the maximum amount of offers in your favourites list. Please
delete old offers and try again.

Unfortunately we were not able to process your request. Please try again.

Close

Web check-in is currently only available on our long-haul flights to
Mauritius.Â You can check in online 72 hours before departure here. Web check-
in usually closes 90 minutes before departure.Â Here you can check the exact
times for the web and mobile check-in at your departure airport.

Web check-in is currently unavailable on our long-haul flights to Bangkok,
Miami, Orlando, Las Vegas, Seattle, Cancun, Havanna, Varadero, Punta Cana,
Puerto Plata, Jamaica, Namibia.  
Please use our check-in counter at the airport. The check-in counters open
three hours before departure and close 60 minutes before scheduled departure
time.Â

Close

To protect you from the unauthorised use of your email address, we have sent
you a confirmation link by email. If you have not received an email, please
check your spam folder.

  1. Open the confirmation email

  2. Click on the confirmation link

  3. Receive newsletters!

Close

We regret that we cannot fulfil your newsletter subscription. Please try
again.

Close

A registration already exists with this email address ${EMAIL}.

Close

The opening and closing times for web and mobile check-in may vary depending
on the departure airport. You can review the exact web and mobile check-in
times for your departure airport here.

###  Information about long-haul flights

Web check-in is currently only available for flights to/from Mauritius.Â  
Unfortunately web check-in is currently unavailable for flights to/fromÂ
Mauritius.  
Please use our check-in counter at the airport. The check-in counters open
three hours before departure and close 60 minutes before scheduled departure
time. Â

###  Booking changes, name changes and booking additional services:

You can only make booking and name changes as well as book additional services
(e.g. adding luggage) via the website until web and mobile check-in closes at
your departure airport.

##  Review the exact web and mobile check-in times for your departure airport
here:

### Choose your departure airport:

Departure airport

Bitte geben Sie einen gultigen Fughafen ein.

${INPUT} ergab leider kein Ergebnis. Bitte Ã¼berprÃ¼fen Sie Ihre Eingabe.Â

An error has occurred.

Flughafen national (A-Z)

  * , 

* * *

Flughafen international (A-Z)

  * , 

* * *

WeiterfÃ¼hrende Links zum Streckennetz und aller Eurowings Reiseziele

  *   * 

Close

