English

  * English 

    * United States
    * United Kingdom

  * Deutsch
  * Français
  * Español

    * España
    * Argentina
    * Colombia
    * México

  * Italiano
  * Português

    * Brasil
    * Portugal

  * Русский
  * 中文

    * 简体
    * 繁體

  * Bahasa Indonesia
  * Bosanski
  * Català
  * Čeština
  * Dansk
  * Hrvatski
  * Kiswahili
  * Latviešu
  * Lietuvių
  * Magyar
  * Melayu
  * Nederlands
  * Norsk bokmål
  * Polski
  * Română
  * Shqip
  * Slovenski
  * Slovenský
  * Srpski
  * Suomi
  * Svenska
  * Tagalog
  * Tiếng Việt
  * Türkçe
  * Ελληνικά
  * Български
  * Українська
  * עברית
  * العربية
  * हिंदी
  * ไทย
  * 日本語
  * 한국어

Join Badoo or Sign in

Help Center

  * Popular questions
  * About Badoo
  * Profile
  * Encounters
  * People Nearby and Search
  * Messages
  * Super Powers
  * Credits
  * Popularity
  * Photos and videos
  * Awards
  * Settings
  * Privacy
  * Reporting options
  * Badoo Mobile
  *  
  * Community Guidelines
  * Guide to Online Safety
  * Terms and Conditions
  * Privacy Policy
  * Impressum

# Badoo's Privacy Policy

This policy and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it
or its subject matter (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. In the event there
is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated
copies of the Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail.

## What’s this all about then?

Hello (again, if you clicked through to here from our Terms and Conditions of
Use). You should read this privacy policy because it will tell you exactly how
your personal data is being looked after by Badoo and that’s a pretty
important thing for you to know. Here are the topics that we cover:

  1. What information we collect and how we collect it
  2. How we use the information and who we share it with
  3. How you can access and update such information
  4. How we protect the information we store about you

## Who we are

Badoo is operated by Badoo Trading Limited, a company registered in England at
13 Hawley Crescent, London, NW1 8NP, United Kingdom and company number 754025.

## The full legal bit

We know that other people’s use of your personal data is a big concern for
social network users, so we at Badoo have developed this privacy policy (the
“Policy”) to let you know how we use personal information (‘personal data’ or
‘personal information’).

Our Policy applies to your use of the Badoo website at www.badoo.com (“Badoo”
or the “site” which includes the mobile apps). We suggest you read it in
conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”). When you
access or use Badoo, you agree to our Privacy Policy and you consent to our
collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as we’ve
set out in this Policy.

Badoo reserves the right to change our Policy at any time and without notice,
so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we use your
information.

IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT
ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.

## 1\. Badoo users and visitors to our site

### What information does Badoo collect if I decide to join the Badoo social
community?

Badoo is a meeting place for adults, and we provide that service by operating
a social network site offering users the opportunity to connect to our global
community of users.

To join the Badoo network you will have to complete our online registration
form, where we ask you to provide us with information about you such as your
name, your email address, your gender, your date of birth, your location
details. You also have the opportunity to provide other details about
yourself, but these are optional. Because you control your user profile, these
details are available to you at any time by accessing your “Profile” page,
which gives you the chance to correct or update (other than gender and email
address) your information at any time by just logging in to Badoo.

Once you have created a Profile, we will automatically track certain
information such as your IP and email addresses. We may from time to time
allow our employees to use the product for testing and user engagement
purposes.

For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user
experience, we require users to verify their accounts (because we want to make
sure you are not a robot!) and might ask for your phone number. Don’t worry!
This is only to make sure you are real and breathing! We won't use your phone
number for marketing purposes.

### What information does Badoo collect about me if I’m under 18?

You can only become a member of Badoo if your aged 18 or over or the age of
majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than
18. That means Badoo does not knowingly collect any information about
children, minors or anyone under the age of majority. Nor do we knowingly
market to children, minors or anyone under the age of 18. If you are less than
18 years old, we request that you do not submit information to us. If we
become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered
with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to
terminate that person’s registration and delete their Profile information from
Badoo. If we do delete a Profile because you violated our no children rules,
we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get
around our rules by creating a new Profile.

### Does Badoo collect my personal information if I am not a member and just
visit the site?

No. We don’t collect any personal information about visitors to our site. If
you do visit us without becoming a member, we will place session ID cookies on
your computer. For more information about cookies generally, look at the
answer to “How does Badoo collect information about me?” below.

### If I put other information about me on the site, what does Badoo do with
it?

Badoo is designed to make it easy for you to find, connect and interact with
other members of Badoo by posting information about yourself. When using the
App you should assume that anything you post or submit will be publicly
viewable and accessible, both by Users of the App and non-Users of the App.
For example, to make it easier to find other Badooers and connect with them,
we have allowed you to share other users' profiles on Facebook. This feature
can be turned off in your settings at any time. You can also use our
electronic messaging system, which allows you to communicate with other users.
We recommend and encourage you (and all our members) to think carefully about
the information they disclose about themselves, and suggest you follow our
Guidelines and Safety Tips. We also do not recommend that you put email
addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names or
addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers’ licence
details and other sensitive information in your Profile which is open to abuse
and misuse.

Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on you
Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. While you may
voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your Profile,
including your sexual preferences and ethnic background, there is no
requirement to do so. Please remember that photographs or any video clips that
you post on Badoo may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data. Where you
do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, you are
explicitly consenting to our processing your information and making this
public to other users.

When you post information about yourself or use the messaging, the amount of
personal information you share is at your own risk. If you post anything that
is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to
terminate your account.

### What does Badoo collect about me if I use the mobile app?

Badoo offers you the opportunity to stay in touch with the friends and
contacts you’ve made no matter where you are. You can do this by using your
mobile phone or by downloading an application to your desktop that allows you
to share your location with other users.

When you use your mobile or the desktop application, we will collect
information about WiFi access points as well as other location information
about your longitude and latitude. That information helps us identify your
physical location so that it can be displayed and shared with other members
choosing to view “nearby” posts.

We use third parties such as Foursquare to provide data on which the location
information on Badoo is based. When doing so, we receive and use data of
Foursquare's users, and we share data with Foursquare for use by Foursquare
for its own purposes. For more information on how Foursquare treat data,
please see https://foursquare.com/legal/privacy/

If you do not want your location to be known, then please do not download the
desktop application or use your mobile device when you are on Badoo. If you
have enabled location services, but wish to turn it off, you can do so by the
following methods:

  1. Desktop -- quit application
  2. Iphone app -- settings, location services, off
  3. Android -- profile, privacy, on

### What’s collected from me if I use Badoo’s premium services?

When you take advantage of Badoo’s premium features, we collect financial
information necessary to process your payments as per your chosen payment
method. Please note that we do not store any credit card or other payment card
details. However, our payment service providers do (and are approved to do so
by all applicable regulatory bodies).

When you access Badoo or play our games we collect certain technical
information about your computer system or mobile device and statistical data
about how you play our games. We use this information to improve our site and
our games, so that you can increase your fun.

### Can Badoo collect information about me from other sites I use, such as
Facebook?

If you have registered on one of our partner websites, such as Facebook, your
Profile will be available to all users of the Badoo social network whether via
our site or our partners’ websites.

Remember that when you register with a Badoo partner, you are also giving them
personal information, so we recommend that you read their privacy policies as
Badoo does not control how they use their information.

If you have have registered on one of our partner websites, such as Facebook,
or you have verified your account via a partner website, we may connect your
Badoo profile with your profile on such partner website. We may do this by way
of new products and applications which we introduce from time to time,
including new products powered by our group companies.

If you have verified your account through a partner website and do not want to
link your Badoo profile to your profile on the partner website, please go to
the “Verifications” section on your profile page and click “forget this
account”.

If you have created a Badoo profile through a partner website and you do not
want to link your Badoo profile to your profile on the partner website, Badoo
cannot amend these settings. Please visit the application settings on your
partner website profile and follow the instructions to remove the Badoo access
permissions.

### Does Badoo collect any other personal information about me?

If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback page, we will receive
your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information
you send to us to help resolve your query. We will keep records of our
communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you
about other users (and from other users about you).

### Will Badoo contact me?

On your “Settings” page Badoo offers you the opportunity to receive emails
from us about new message notifications or other purposes related to the use
of the website.

### Does Badoo use my personal information for any other purpose?

We may use material that you post on the open access areas of Badoo in
advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner
products. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor
your online experience to meet your needs.

We use your personal information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems
and enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use.

### What are 'cookies' and what 'cookies' does Badoo use?

We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile. A cookie
is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile by your web browser. They
are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises
you and your preferences each time you visit Badoo, and ensures site
functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.

When you visit the publicly available sections of Badoo, a session ID cookie
is placed on your computer that only lasts while you’re visiting. We also
place persistent cookies (also known an local storage devices) on members’
computers, so that Badoo remembers them and makes their login experience
faster and easier. We may use persistent tracking cookies on your mobile
device, mainly for security protection purposes, such as to prevent phishers,
scammers, unauthorised log in attempts, and to help you access your hacked
account. We do not use any information whilst you are logged off.

You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local
storage devices, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features
that Badoo offers.

Badoo uses cookies and local storage devices for a number of reasons,
including to ensure the security of our site, to provide you with features you
have requested and to analyse how members and visitors use Badoo. Badoo’s use
of cookies and local storage devices basically falls into three categories:

  * those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested, such as, for example purchasing Super Powers
  * cookies related to the performance of Badoo’s site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors
  * cookies related to the functionality of Badoo’s site, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language or allowing you to chat, add photos and instant message Badoo members 
  * third parties cookies that also relate to functionality and that you request via social plugins, links to other social networks or viewing of videos

Badoo’s uses of cookies and local shared devices so that we know who you are,
what interests you and so that you can do the things online that you want to
do, like chat with new people, share your content and buy Super Powers knowing
that your data will be secure. Below is a table to explain Badoo’s cookie
functions and why they’re used.

Cookie Functions Cookie Purposes  
Analytics and research Badoo uses Google Analytics to collect information
about how visitors use the Badoo site. We use the information to compile
reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an
anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors
have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information
about Google’s privacy policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/  
Authentication These cookies help us to identify our members so that when
you’re logged in, you can enjoy Badoo’s offerings, experiences and various
features, such as uploading photographs, chatting and can localise your
experience, such as when you’ve requested to view Badoo’s site in your local
language or when you’ve asked Badoo to ‘remember me’. These cookies also help
to remember who invited you to join Badoo.  
Security and site integrity

We use cookies and other devices, such as CAPTCHAs, to help keep Badoo and our
members safe and secure. These cookies do things like protect Badoo users from
spam and fraud, by ensuring the safety of your personal data when you shop on
Badoo for things like Super Powers.

We may use persistent cookies, which will help us to ensure we have identified
the same device is logging into the correct account. These types of cookies
also help with our anti-spam measures and may help us to prevent phishers,
scammers, unauthorised log -in attempts to your account and accessing any
hacked accounts.  
  
Site features and services

These cookies and local storage devices provide the functionality that our
Badoo members enjoy, such as uploading of photographs, chats, instant
messaging, your account settings and your request to have Badoo as your
homepage or your search preference. We also use cookies to help provide
experiences, such as links to other social media sites, social plugins and
video content, including making it easier for you to share content between
Badoo with your other favourite social networks.

In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place
cookies or local storage devices on your computer. The third party who places
cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and
Badoo recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place
cookies on your device when you use Badoo include, and we have included a link
to their privacy policies:

Twitter, https://twitter.com/privacy Facebook,
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#socialplugin YouTube,
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/ AddThis,
http://www.addthis.com/privacy  
  
Performance We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure
our members have the best possible experience, such assisting with your
navigation of our site, ensuring pages load up quickly and respond faster to
your requests for Badoo services.  
  
Our use of cookies and local share devices, including the specific cookie
names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above
categories. Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any
changes.

If you would like to know more about cookies, including flash cookies/local
storage devices, the following websites provide useful information:

  * www.allaboutcookies.org
  * www.youronlinechoices.eu
  * http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html

For a video about cookies visit www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-
web/cookies

## 2\. Friends and other Badoo users

### When I put information about myself on Badoo, what do the other users see?

To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on Badoo, other members
get to see your user name and any information you post on your Profile,
including photos if you select the 'Any users' access setting. Any information
you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Badoo members to
know about you. You can also choose to limit the information that other users
see by adjusting your privacy settings in the “Settings” page.

### What am I allowed to do with other user’s personal information?

Use it to meet new friends and make new contacts! Beware that you may not use
other users' information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to
make unlawful threats. Badoo reserves the right to terminate the accounts of
those who misuse other users' information or who otherwise violate the Terms
and Conditions of Use.

### What information does Badoo collect about my friends and contacts?

You can choose to invite your friends to join Badoo to make sure that they
also get the benefits of meeting new people. To make it easier to search and
find friends and acquaintances on Badoo, users may search for other members by
email address. If you want to invite your friends and contacts to Badoo, we
will send an email invitation from Badoo in your name or you can send an SMS
(if you use our Android or iPhone app) to your friends and contacts
encouraging them to sign up to Badoo. If any of the individuals you have
invited do not register within a few days, Badoo may occasionally send
reminder emails on your behalf to those individuals. You can choose to invite
all your friends or only a select few by simply unticking the names of those
friends you do not wish to invite, but please remember you must not invite any
children to join. You are responsible for ensuring that your friend has agreed
to receiving a Badoo invite.

When you import your contacts, we store their name and email address or their
mobile number so that we can automatically connect you and your friend. Badoo
does not sell these email addresses or mobile numbers or use them to send any
other communication besides email invitations. The friend may contact Badoo to
request the removal of their information from our database by visiting
Feedback page. Any such request will only apply to addresses or mobile numbers
we have at the time of the request and not to any addresses that the
member/user provides to us later.

## 3\. Third parties

### Does Badoo sell my information to other parties?

Not at all. We do not sell or rent out any personal information about you to
any third party. Badoo discloses aggregated non-personal data for marketing
and promotional purposes. That means we do not disclose any information that
could be used to identify you.

### Does Badoo disclose my information to other parties?

We may share aggregated information with such parties as Foursquare that
includes your personal information (but which doesn’t identify you directly),
together with other information including log data with third parties for
industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted
advertising about other products and services.

In particular, in relation to targeted advertising, we use third-party
advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies
may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you
would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about
not having this information used by these companies, please visit this page.

If you choose to, we may share your information with vendors, service
providers, and other carefully selected third parties to improve our services
to you, such as by facilitating payments. We ensure these parties must adhere
to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent
with this Privacy Policy.

In the event that Badoo or any of its affiliates undergoes a business
transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another
company, re- organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in
the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your
personal information.

Badoo also wishes to maintain a healthy community, and we will cooperate with
all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We
will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within or outside your
country of residence. This may include disclosing your personal information to
government or law enforcement agencies, or private parties, when we have a
good faith belief that disclosure is required by law or when we, in our
discretion, believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights,
or those of third parties and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court
order, or legal process served on us. In such cases, we may raise or waive any
legal objection or right available to us.

## 4\. Data storage

### Where is my personal information kept?

Badoo is a global website operating through servers located in a number of
countries around the world, including the United States. If you live in a
country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not
provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of
residence. By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade
the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on Badoo,
you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and
processing of your personal information in, any such countries and
destinations.

## 5\. Security

### How does Badoo protect my personal information?

Badoo has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect
and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our
control, including your personal information. Badoo uses reasonable security
measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as
secured servers using firewalls. Our technical experts at Badoo work hard to
ensure your secure use of our site.

While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our
website, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is
completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking,
data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to
keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out
of your account after use.

We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being
transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have
received your information we have procedures and security features in place to
try to prevent unauthorised access.

### How do I help keep my information secure?

You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any
third parties. If you lose your password or give it out, your personal
information may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support
via Feedback page. You must change your password immediately via your
“Settings” page. Badoo cannot be held responsible for your failure to keep
your password secure and failure to do so may violate our Terms and Conditions
of Use.

## 6\. Your rights

### How do I change my Profile?

You can review and revise your profile information at any time. Once you
register, you will be able to review and change much of your personal
information including:

  1. Your contact email address;
  2. Your profile, photographs, and videos;
  3. Your city, region, and country of residence;
  4. Your password.

Please promptly update your information if it changes by signing-in to your
account and following the screen prompts. We strongly urge you to periodically
change your password to help reduce the risk of unauthorised access to your
account information.

Users in certain jurisdictions are, in accordance with applicable law,
entitled to exercise a right of access to personal information about
themselves by asking for a copy of the information we hold about them (for
which, where allowed by law, we may charge a small fee). Please put any such
request in writing and using our contact form: Feedback.

### Can I deactivate or delete my Profile?

Users of the Badoo network have the following choices to delete their profile
from our database:

  1. Send a message via Feedback page
  2. Sign in with your password and delete your profile. These options are available from your “Settings” page.

If you want to stop using your account it will be initially deactivated. This
means that no user will be able to search for you on the website although they
may still see you profile from direct cached links, but it will not be
deleted. We save your profile information in case you later decide to restore
your account. Many users deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and
in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to
Badoo. You will therefore be able to restore your account and your profile in
its entirety within 30 days of de-activating it.

After the expiration of 30 days, your account is permanently deleted from
Badoo. We delete photographs from our servers within 14 days from the
expiration of the deactivation period while other information (such as contact
history) is deleted by us over a longer timescale, by way of housekeeping on a
periodic basis. You should only delete your account if you are certain you
never want to restore it.

To prevent abuse and/or misuse of Badoo by a user following termination or
deletion of a profile/account we shall retain such information as we deem in
our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that user does not open a new
account and profile in breach of our Terms and Conditions of Use and to ensure
compliance with all laws and regulations.

Warning: Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your
account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed on
the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with
others, or copied or stored by other users or to the extent such information
has been shared with search engines. We cannot control this, nor do we accept
any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites
access to your personal information they may retain such information to the
extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.

Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for up to 30 days
to enable restoration, but will not be available to others in the meantime.

### What happens if I do nothing?

If you have not signed in to Badoo for three months, we may remove your
Profile as part of our data cleansing process.

Your Badoo account is non-transferable and any rights to your profile or
contents within your account will be cancelled upon your death.

If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or how we collect and use
information, drop us a line via Feedback page.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 31 August 2016.

Download our free apps:

iPhone app

Android app

Windows Phone app

  * About

    * Company
    * Careers
    * Blog

  * Mobile
  * Terms
  * Privacy
  * Impressum
  * Help

    * Help Center
    * Community Guidelines
    * Safety Tips

  * Press

349,206,682 people are here, 1,115,542 online now!

Like

11.8m

YouTube

157

Tweet

2017 (C) Badoo

