springe zu Inhalt

Meine Subreddits

Abonnements bearbeiten

  * popular
  * -Alle
  * -zufällig

 |

  * AskReddit
  * -worldnews
  * -funny
  * -pics
  * -news
  * -todayilearned
  * -videos
  * -gaming
  * -aww
  * -gifs
  * -movies
  * -mildlyinteresting
  * -Showerthoughts
  * -Jokes
  * -sports
  * -television
  * -Futurology
  * -LifeProTips
  * -OldSchoolCool
  * -explainlikeimfive
  * -GetMotivated
  * -TwoXChromosomes
  * -tifu
  * -personalfinance
  * -photoshopbattles
  * -nottheonion
  * -UpliftingNews
  * -space
  * -science
  * -WritingPrompts
  * -IAmA
  * -Music
  * -announcements
  * -EarthPorn
  * -food
  * -dataisbeautiful
  * -Art
  * -books
  * -DIY
  * -history
  * -gadgets
  * -nosleep
  * -askscience
  * -Documentaries
  * -creepy
  * -philosophy
  * -listentothis
  * -InternetIsBeautiful
  * -blog

mehr »

reddit.com Datenschutzbestimmungen

  * Datenschutzbestimmungen
  * Nutzungsbedingungen
  * Noun: Inhaltsrichtlinien
  * healthy communities

Möchtest Du mitmachen? Einloggen oder Registrieren in Sekunden.|

  * Deutsch

  * Reddit, Inc. Privacy Policy Effective November 22, 2016.
  *     * Information You Provide to Us
    *       * Information Regarding Your Use of the Services
      * Transactional Information
      * Other Information
    * Information We Collect Automatically
    *       * Log and Usage Data
      * Information Collected from Cookies
      * Location Information
    * Social Sharing
    * How We Use Information About You
    * How We Share Information
    * Ads and Analytics Partners
    *       * Advertisers and Ad Networks
      * Analytics Partners
    * Security
    * Children under 13
    * Your Choices
    *       * Preferences
      * Account Information
      * Cookies
      * Advertising and Analytics
      * Do Not Track
      * Promotional Communications
      * Mobile Notifications
    * International Data Transfers
    * Changes
    * Contact Us

#### Überarbeitungen

  * Privacy Shield Certification
  * Oct 26, 2016
  * Aug 3, 2016
  * Nov 20, 2015
  * apr 14, 2015
  * apr 10, 2015
  * feb 24, 2015
  * jan 15, 2015
  * jul 18, 2014
  * may 15, 2014
  * dec 18, 2013
  * may 15, 2013
  * apr 10, 2012

# Reddit, Inc. Privacy Policy Effective November 22, 2016.

1 We want you to understand how and why Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit,” “we” or “us”)
collects, uses, and shares information about you when you access and use
Reddit’s websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and
services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with
us. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services, including those that
maintain a separate Privacy Notice that incorporates this Privacy Policy by
reference.

## Information You Provide to Us

2 We collect information you provide directly to us when you use our Services.
Depending on which Service you use, we may collect different information about
you. This includes:

### Information Regarding Your Use of the Services

3 We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our
Services. This includes information used to create your account (e.g., a
username, password and at your option, an email address), account preferences,
the content of private messages between you and other users or communities
(e.g., modmail), and the content of information you post to the Services
(e.g., text, photos, videos, links).

### Transactional Information

4 If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Gold), we will
collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email
address, and information about the product or service you are purchasing.
Payments are processed by third-party payment processors (e.g., Stripe and
PayPal), so please refer to the applicable processor’s terms and privacy
policy for more information about how payment information is processed and
stored.

### Other Information

5 You may choose to provide other information directly to us. For example, we
may collect information when you fill out a form, participate in contests,
sweepstakes or promotions, apply for a job, communicate with us via third-
party sites and services, request customer support or otherwise communicate
with us.

## Information We Collect Automatically

6 When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect
information about you. This includes:

### Log and Usage Data

7 We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may
include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system,
referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links
clicked, user interactions (e.g., voting data), the requested URL, hardware
settings, and search terms. Except for the IP address used to create your
account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.

### Information Collected from Cookies

8 We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your
browser stores and sends back to us when making requests. We use this
information to improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize
content and advertisements, and improve the quality of our Services. For
example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred language and
other settings. For more information on how you can disable cookies, please
see “Your Choices” below.

### Location Information

9 With your consent, we may collect information about the specific location of
your mobile device (for example, by using GPS or Bluetooth). You can revoke
this consent at any time by changing the preferences on your device, but doing
so may affect your ability to use all of the features and functionality of our
Services.

## Social Sharing

10 We may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools that let you
share content or actions you take on our Services with other media. Your use
of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends
or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party
that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the
purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social
sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that
provide these social sharing features (e.g., Tumblr, Facebook, Pinterest, and
Twitter).

## How We Use Information About You

11 We use information about you to:

  * Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;
  * Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit user agreement;
  * Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices and other support and administrative messages;
  * Provide customer service;
  * Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below);
  * Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services; and
  * Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match user profiles or interests. (for information about how to manage the types of advertisements you experience on our Services, see “Your Choices” below).

## How We Share Information

12 When you use the Services, certain information may be shared with other
users and the public. For example:

  * When you submit a post or comment to the Services, visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see the content of your posts and comments, the username associated with your posts or comments, and the date and time you originally submitted the post or comment. Although some parts of the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public (e.g., at the moderator’s option in the case of private communities) and you should take that into consideration before posting to the Services. 
  * When you send private messages or messages via modmail, the recipients of those messages will be able to see the content of your message, your username, and the date and time the message was sent. Moderators may elect to have modmail forwarded to their email accounts and, as a result, any modmail received by these moderators will be subject to the terms and policies of the moderator’s email provider.
  * When other users view your profile, they will be able to see information about your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Gold status, and how long you have been a member of the Services.

13 Please note that, even when you delete your account, the posts, comments
and messages you submit through the Services may still be viewable or
available on our servers. For more information, see “Your Choices” below.

14 We will not share, sell, or give away any of our users’ personal
information to third parties, unless one of the following circumstances
applies:

  * Except as it relates to advertisers and our ad partners, we may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us;
  * If you participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, special offers, or other events or activities in connection with our Services, we may share information with entities that partner with us to provide these offerings;
  * We may share information (and will attempt to provide you with prior notice, to the extent legally permissible) in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements;
  * We may share information in response to an emergency if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person;
  * We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements, rules, or other Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others;
  * We may share information between and among Reddit, and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
  * We may share information with your consent or at your direction. 

15 We may share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot
reasonably be used to identify you.

## Ads and Analytics Partners

16 We may partner with third-party advertisers, ad networks, and analytics
providers to deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and to
better understand your use of the Services. These third parties may collect
information sent by your computer, browser, or mobile device in response to a
request for content, such as unique identifiers, your IP address, or other
information about your computer or device. For example:

### Advertisers and Ad Networks

17 Our ad partners and network may use cookies and use related technologies to
collect information when ads are delivered to you on our Services, but Reddit
does not link to or provide your actual Reddit account details to these
advertising partners. This means that Reddit does not share your individual
account browsing habits with advertisers. Reddit cannot see advertisers’
cookies and advertisers will not see Reddit cookies.

### Analytics Partners

18 We use analytics partners (such as Google Analytics) to help analyze usage
and traffic for our Services. As an example, we may use analytics partners to
analyze and measure, in the aggregate, the number of unique visitors to our
Services.

19 For more information about how you may control the collection and/or use of
information for advertising and analytics purposes, please see “Your Choices.”

## Security

20 We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from
loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and
destruction.

## Children under 13

21 Although we welcome users from all walks of life, Reddit is not intended or
directed at individuals under the age of 13. Therefore, individuals under the
age of 13 may not create an account or otherwise access or use the Services.

## Your Choices

22 As a Reddit user, you have choices about how to protect and limit the
collection, use, and disclosure of, information about you. This includes:

### Preferences

23 We may provide you with tools and preference settings that allow you to
access, correct, delete, and modify information associated with your account.

### Account Information

24 You may delete your account information at any time by logging into your
account and following the steps under “Preferences.” When you delete your
account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated
from content you posted under that account. Please note, however, that the
posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account
will still be visible to others, unless you delete such content. We may also
retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate
business purposes after you delete your account.

### Cookies

25 Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you
can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-
party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies,
this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.

### Advertising and Analytics

26 Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out
mechanisms (e.g.Google Analytics Opt-out), and we may provide, as needed and
as available, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to
better understand cookies and how you can opt-out.

27 We offer you choices about receiving personalized advertisements. You can
adjust how we personalize advertisements for you by visiting your ads
preferences here. You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized
advertisements from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn
more about these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the websites of
the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative.

### Do Not Track

28 Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in most web
browsers. While there is no accepted standard on how to respond to web
browsers’ DNT signals, we support DNT as follows: When you have the DNT
preference enabled in your web browser, we may still use information collected
for analytics and measurement purposes or to otherwise provide our Services
(e.g., reddit.com buttons), but we will not load any third-party trackers.

### Promotional Communications

29 You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by
following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may
still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your
account or your use of our Services.

### Mobile Notifications

30 With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push
notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these
messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
device.

## International Data Transfers

31 We are based in the United States and the information we collect is
governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise
providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and
storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may
not have the same rights as you do under local law.

32 In connection with Reddit's processing of personal data received from the
European Union, we adhere to the E.U-U.S. Privacy Shield Program (“Privacy
Shield”) and comply with its framework and principles.

33 To learn more about the U.S. - E.U. and U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy
principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity,
access and enforcement, and to view our certification, please visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor website. For more information about the
Privacy Shield principles and to view our certification, please visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website.

34 Please direct any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the
Safe Harbor program and Privacy Shield principles to the point of contact
listed in the “Contact Us” section below. If we do not resolve your complaint,
you may submit your complaint free of charge to JAMS. Under certain conditions
specified by the Privacy Shield principles, you may also be able to invoke
binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. We are subject to the
investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. If we
share E.U. Data with a third-party service provider that processes the data
solely on our behalf, then we will be liable for that third party’s processing
of E.U. Data in violation of the Privacy Shield principles, unless we can
prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

## Changes

35 We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let
you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If we make a change to
this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will provide you
with additional notice (such as adding a statement to r/announcements, the
front page of the Services or sending you a notification). We encourage you to
review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise
interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways
you can help protect your privacy. If you continue to use our Services after
Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you consent to the revised policy.

## Contact Us

36 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email
legal@reddit.com.

  * Über
  * Blog
  * Über
  * Quelltext
  * werben
  * careers

  * Hilfe
  * Seitenregeln
  * FAQ
  * Wiki
  * reddiquette
  * mod guidelines
  * Kontaktiere uns

  * Apps &amp; Tools
  * Reddit für iPhone
  * Reddit für Android
  * Mobile Website
  * Buttons

  * &lt;3
  * Reddit Gold
  * reddit - Geschenke

Das Benutzen dieser Website begründet sich auf der Verpflichtung unserer
Endbenutzervereinbarung und Datenschutzerklärung. (C) 2017 reddit inc. Alle
Rechte vorbehalten.

REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.

π Rendered by PID 69271 on app-105  at 2017-06-01 16:31:16.335764+00:00
running 7bda228 country code: DE.

