Find JobsExplore CompaniesResearch SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job

1

Let employers find you

Upload your resume to Indeed. It only takes a few seconds. Upload resume

Sign in  
  
: What Where  
  
Advanced Job Search  
  


  
  
  
job title, keywords or company city, state, or zip  
  
Cookies, Privacy and Terms of Service

#  Cookies, Privacy and Terms of Service

  * Cookie Policy
  * Privacy Policy
  * Indeed Terms of Service Introduction
  * Indeed General Terms of Service
  * Indeed Resume Program Terms
  * Indeed Ads Program Terms
  * Indeed Publisher Program Terms
  * Indeed Prime Terms
  * Indeed Targeted Ads Terms
  * Indeed MoBolt Terms
  * Indeed Vulnerability Reward Program

## Cookie Policy

Last Updated: February 27, 2017

By using or accessing the Website, you are consenting to Indeed’s use of
Cookies as follows:

This policy helps to explain the occasions when and why cookies may be sent to
visitors to the Website (referred to in this policy as “we”, “us” or “our”).
“Cookies” are text-only pieces of information that a website transfers to an
individual’s hard drive or other website-browsing equipment for record-keeping
purposes. Cookies allow the Website to remember important information that
will make your use of the site more convenient. A cookie will typically
contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime”
of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Certain
cookies will be used on the Site regardless of whether you are logged in to
your account or not.  Like most websites, we use cookies for a variety of
purposes in order to improve your online experience, for analytics and for
marketing, but specifically we use Cookies on the Website for the following
purposes:

  1. Analytical Purposes: We use Cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve the Website. For example, using Cookies we can look at aggregate patterns like the average number of job searches that users perform. We can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and user experience of the Website.
  2. Your Preferences: We use Cookies to store certain user preferences on our Website. For example, we may store the recent searches you have performed in a Cookie so that we can allow you to easily repeat those searches when you return to our Website.
  3. Marketing: We use Cookies from third-party partners such as Google and Facebook for marketing purposes. These Cookies allow us to display Indeed promotional material to you on other sites you visit across the Internet. Indeed may also share information about your behavior on the Site with third parties (including operators of third-party websites and/or social networking sites) in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you.
  4. Referral Tracking: We use Cookies to associate user activity with the third party website that referred the user to our Website, or to associate user activity that Indeed referred to a third party website. These third party partner websites receive credit for the activity of users they refer to our Website, or give Indeed credit for the activity of users referred to such third party websites. We do not share any personal information or information about individual user activities with these partner entities.

Session Cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your
browser until you leave the Website.

Persistent Cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer
(though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). When we
use session cookies to track the total number of visitors to our Website, this
is done on an anonymous aggregate basis (as cookies do not in themselves carry
any personal data). We may also employ cookies so that we remember your
computer when it is used to return to the Website to help customize your
Indeed web experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie
file in those instances. Use the options in your web browser if you do not
wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when
you receive a cookie. You can easily delete any cookies that have been
installed in the cookie folder of your browser. See below instructions on how
to enable and disable cookies for various browsers, and Indeed’s job seeker
web beacon:

Please check the browser’s cookie settings support pages to confirm the most
up-to-date instructions.

Google Chrome

  * Click the settings icon on the browser toolbar (three stacked lines)
  * Select ‘Settings’
  * Click ‘Show advanced settings’
  * In the “Privacy” section, click the ‘Content settings’ button
  * To enable cookies: In the “Cookies” section, pick ‘Allow local data to be set’. This will enable both first-party and third-party cookies. To allow only first-party cookies, pick ‘Block third-party cookies and site data’
  * To disable cookies: In the “Cookies” section, pick ‘Block sites from setting any data’
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Chrome. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Chrome, refer to the following page from Google: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647

Mozilla Firefox

  * Click the menu button (three stacked lines) and choose ‘Preferences’
  * Select the Privacy panel
  * Set ‘Firefox will:’ to ‘Use custom settings for history’
  * To enable cookies: Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’
  * To disable cookies: Uncheck ‘Accept cookies from sites’
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Firefox. For more information, refer to the following page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences

Safari on OSX

  * Click on ‘Safari’ at the menu bar and select the ‘Preferences’ option
  * Click on ‘Privacy’
  * To enable cookies: In the ‘Cookies and website data:’ section, click ‘Always Allow’ or ‘Allow from websites I visit’ or ‘Allow from current website only’ depending on your preference
  * To disable cookies: In the “Cookies and website data:” section, click ‘Always Block’
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Safari. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Safari, refer to the following page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214

Opera

  * From the main menu, select ‘Settings’ (or ‘Preferences’, when using OS X)
  * Click ‘Advanced’
  * Under “Cookies”, select an option for handling cookies
  * To enable cookies: Check ‘Accept’ or ‘Accept only from the sites I visit’ depending on your preference
  * To disable cookies: Check ‘Never accept cookies’
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Opera. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Opera, refer to the following page from Opera Software: http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/

Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0

  * Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet Options’
  * In the options window navigate to the ‘Privacy’ tab
  * To enable cookies: Set the slider to ‘Medium’ or below
  * To disable cookies: Move the slider to the top to block all cookies
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Explorer. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Internet Explorer, refer to the following page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies

Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 for Windows 10

  * Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet Options’
  * In the options window navigate to the ‘Privacy’ tab
  * To enable cookies: Choose ‘Allow’ or ‘Be prompted for first and third party cookies,’ depending on your preferences
  * To disable cookies: Choose ‘Block’
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Explorer. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Internet Explorer, refer to the following page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies

Microsoft Edge

  * Click on ‘More’ and choose ‘Settings’
  * Under “Advanced settings”, select ‘View advanced Settings’
  * Under “Privacy and services – Cookies”, choose the option you want.
  * ‘Block all cookies’ blocks all cookies that websites try to save to your computer. ‘Block only third party cookies’ blocks third party cookies, which are saved by external web services, such as ads embedded on webpages you have navigated to.
  * Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Edge. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Microsoft Edge, refer to the following page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/12454/windows-10-microsoft-edge-privacy-faq

If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the
features of this website. Consult your mobile device documentation for
information on how to disable cookies.

In addition, if you would like to remove yourself from Indeed’s job seeker web
beacon, you must click here. Indeed may also provide an employer with code for
a Conversion Tracker to place on its website that pings the job seeker web
beacon and tracks whenever a job seeker has applied to a job on that
employer’s website. This Conversion Tracker will attribute an application to
Indeed any time the job seeker started their search on Indeed, despite any
intervening activity. Indeed does not and cannot collect any of the job
seeker’s personally identifiable information and does not have access to the
cookies in the employer’s domain. The Conversion Tracker is simply a counter
that notifies Indeed that a job seeker has applied. If a jobseeker has
disabled the web beacon, the Conversion Tracker will have no functionality.

Indeed uses the AdWords and Remarketing Lists features of Google Analytics for
Display Advertisers. Indeed and Google use first-party cookies (such as the
Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick
cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits
to our Website. This means that vendors including Google will display Indeed
promotional material on other sites you visit across the Internet.

You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including AdWords
and opt-out of customized Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google
Ads Preferences Manager. To provide website visitors more choice on how their
data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed an Opt-out Browser
add-on, which is available by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-
on, to enable you to opt-out of Google’s programs.

Indeed marketing service providers. If you do not want Indeed and its
marketing services providers to follow your usage of our services via the
third party marketing services providers’ cookies and Web beacons, and to
learn more about these providers and their privacy policies, please visit each
site: Nielsen, comScore, Yandex (Russia website only), Optimizely, Marketo,
Sift Science, Demandbase, Olark, Perfect Audience, Zendesk, Appsflyer,
Facebook, Twitter, Adometry, Sizmek, MediaCom, Mixpanel, Heap Analytics.
Opting out of these services does not mean you will no longer receive online
advertising. It does mean that the service from which you opted out will no
longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns.

When you use our Indeed Help Center, you consent to receiving cookies from
Zendesk, as set forth in their cookie policy. Indeed may update this list
periodically to include other marketing services providers.

In all cases where third party cookies are used to track your behavior on
Indeed, you must refer to such third party’s site to learn how to remove
cookies for that third party specifically.  Removing Indeed cookies from your
browser will not affect cookies placed by third parties.

Changes To Our Cookie Policy

From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this cookie policy. We
suggest that you check here periodically for any changes.

## Privacy Policy

Last Updated: April 12, 2017

1\. Introduction

Indeed values the trust our users and customers place in us when they give us
access to their Personal Information. The Privacy Policy describes how we work
to maintain that trust and protect that information.

Indeed has created this Privacy Policy in order to describe its collection,
use and disclosure of personal data you give to Indeed when you access or use
Indeed’s online and/or mobile services and websites, and software provided by
Indeed on or in connection with such services or websites (collectively, the
“Site”). “Indeed” or “we” means Indeed, Inc. if you are a Jobseeker or
Employer located in the United States, Indeed Brasil Pesquisa de Empregos
ltda. if you are an Employer located in Brazil, Indeed India Operations (Pte.)
Ltd. if you are an Employer located in India, Indeed Singapore Operations
(Pte.) Ltd. if you are an Employer in the Asia-Pacific Region, Indeed Ireland
Operations Limited if you are a Jobseeker or Employer located elsewhere, and
Indeed Hire, Inc. if you are receiving the Indeed Hire services. Indeed
reserves the right to share data in accordance with this Privacy Policy
between and amongst the aforementioned Indeed entities.

This Privacy Policy covers only data that we collect through the Site, and not
any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, the
data collection practices of any affiliate or other third party, including any
third-party operators of web pages to which the Site links, and any
information that we collect offline or through any websites, products, or
services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy.
Occasionally, we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices and consent
requests related to special purpose web pages, mobile applications, or other
resources, for example, if we invite you to submit ideas to improve the Site;
under such circumstances, this Privacy Policy applies to information collected
by us through such special purpose resources, as modified in the particular
notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to the types of data collected
or our uses or disclosures of such information) Indeed may amend this Privacy
Policy at any time. Please review the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this
page to determine when this Privacy Policy was last amended. Any changes to
this Privacy Policy will become effective on the “Last Updated” date indicated
above. By using the Site or providing information to us following such
changes, you will have accepted the amended Privacy Policy. If Indeed is going
to use Personal Information  (as defined below) collected through the Site in
a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, then
Indeed will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on Indeed’s Site
for 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law.

2\. Information Collected

When you create an Indeed account, request information, subscribe for a
service, participate in a survey, post a rating or review, post a question or
answer, post a resume, upload content or otherwise actively send us data on
our Site, we collect such data including, but not limited to, your user name,
password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including
mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages
you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or
resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to
screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed and answers you give
to any questionnaires sent to you, which you answer. In connection with
chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit
card number and related verification information). If you use any automated
phone screening product, Indeed will record and store your answers to an
Employer’s screening questions and will forward your answers to the Employer.
You consent to Indeed listening to and analyzing the recording in accordance
with this Privacy Policy. In each such instance above, you will know what data
we collect through the Site, or collect through screening, because you
actively submit it.

You may also create an account or log in to your Indeed account using third-
party websites including, but not limited to, Facebook. If you do not already
have an Indeed account but log in to Indeed using your Facebook account, this
creates an Indeed account using the same email address used in your Facebook
account. Facebook may also ask for your permission to share certain details
with Indeed, including but not limited to your name, profile picture, public
profile information and email address. If you agree to provide this
information to Indeed, Facebook will authenticate you and redirect you to the
Site. Please note, when you log in to Indeed using your Facebook account,
Facebook will cookie you in order to authenticate you as a Facebook user. By
granting Indeed access to your Facebook account, you understand that Indeed
will access, make available and store the information that you provide to
Indeed from your Facebook account so that it may be available on and through
the Site via your Indeed account. This information will be considered Indeed
account information for purposes of your use of the Site. You have the ability
to disable the connection between your Facebook account and your Indeed
account at any time by accessing your privacy settings on your Facebook
account. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH FACEBOOK OR ANY OTHER THIRD-
PARTY WEBSITE IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY
WEBSITE.

In addition, as part of the standard operation of the Site, Indeed may
automatically collect and analyze information from your computer or mobile
device, including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, IP
address and the domain name from which you accessed the Site, and if you are
accessing our Site with your mobile device, the type of mobile device. In
addition, we may automatically record and analyze actions taken on the Site
including, but not limited to, date and times of use, clicks, page views, the
amount of time you spend on each page, and search queries. Indeed reserves the
right to match your IP address (or any other information) with other
information about you in any way permitted by applicable law. Indeed will
store this information on its equipment or the equipment of third parties that
Indeed has a relationship with for that purpose. If you create an Indeed
account, information may be collected under your account email address.

If you access or use the Site on your mobile telephone or other mobile device,
including tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC
Address, and IP Address. Indeed may create and assign to your device an
identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you
have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and
any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, geolocation or
email address.

If you are an Employer, Indeed may request that you provide certain personal
information to Indeed in order to verify your account. This information
includes, but is not limited to your Federal Employer Identification Number
(EIN), Business Registration information, or a utility bill. This information
will be used for internal purposes only, subject to any request by law
enforcement or a court order.

3\. Limitation of Use or Disclosure of Personal Data

When a Job Seeker deletes an account, the Job Seeker will no longer have
access to any of the data which we provided under that account name, including
but not limited to, search history, job search preferences, saved jobs, jobs
the Job Seeker has applied to, job alerts, resume, and any other data
associated with the account. If the Job Seeker uses the same email address to
set up a new account, this data will not become available to the Job Seeker
again. Indeed reserves the right to keep any materials in a deleted account as
necessary to preserve and protect its rights as allowed by law (for example,
to preserve records of a dispute) or to comply with its obligations under
local law (for example, to keep an email address). A deleted account does not
mean that all of the data is expunged from the Indeed systems, although it
will not be readily available under the Job Seeker’s original account name.
When the Job Seeker presses the delete account button on the dashboard, Indeed
will begin to process that instruction within 24 hours and will have completed
the operation within 40 days.

Employers may disable an account, however Indeed must preserve business
records pertaining to that account to comply with its obligations under law.
If a Job Seeker wants to delete a job application performed on Indeed’s site,
they will need to contact the prospective Employer directly to request
deletion of their application. When a Job Seeker creates a resume on Indeed,
they are given the option to make their resume public or private. Public
resumes are available to anyone with access to Indeed’s resume search
application. Private resumes are only made available to those whom the Job
Seeker has initiated an application or provided their resume. For job
applications which you, the Job Seeker submit through Indeed (including the
use of an Indeed Apply button) to an employer, (with related materials
submitted), please note: 1) that your applications and materials may be
controlled by an employer, 2) we may direct you to that employer for personal
data deletion requests, and 3) Indeed depends on the Employer or the
Employer’s agent to provide Indeed with the correct destination for all
applications. In the event that the electronic destination provided to Indeed
is incorrect, your application materials will not be sent to the intended
recipient of the application. Indeed has no liability for such applications.
If you do not wish to send your application materials in this manner, you
should send them directly to the employer.

4\. Uses and Disclosures of Information

We may use any information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy,
including information that identifies you as a specific individual (“Personal
Information”), for the purposes set forth in this Paragraph 4 and Paragraphs
5, 6, and 10 below. Indeed uses such information to provide our services and
features to you, including to provide employer information to you, to measure
and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer
support.

For example, Indeed uses your previous search and browsing history (e.g. the
jobs you click on), or application materials and answers to screener
questions, to determine relevant search results and provide you with
recommended jobs or reach out to you about jobs you may be interested in.
Indeed may also provide information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy,
including Personal Information, to employers that may be interested in
contacting you. By applying to a job, providing your contact information to
show interest in a job, or by replying to a message from an employer, you
consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer. Indeed may
also use information provided to Indeed via your Indeed Resume to pre-populate
application information for you and for other similar purposes.  

More specifically, you take a variety of actions on our Site. For example, you
search for jobs, and Indeed knows and stores the titles of jobs you search
for, where those jobs are located, any information, including salary interest
or experience of which you have informed Indeed, or the general salary range
or experience level of the jobs you view (if indicated on the Job Listings),
the Job Listings you apply to or any of your other behavior on the Indeed
site, when you use Indeed. You know exactly what this data is because you are
the person who undertook the activity and the data pertains only to your
activity. If you have an Indeed account or an Indeed-hosted resume, you agree
that Indeed may use this observed factual data to suggest jobs to you and to
suggest you or your public resume to Employers that might be interested in a
person who matches your behavior on Indeed. You also agree that Indeed may
contact you based on this observed behavior.

Indeed may also share such information with third parties (including operators
of third-party websites and/or social networking sites) in order to show you
targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you.

Indeed may also use information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy to
prevent potentially illegal activities and activities that are detrimental to
you or others. Indeed may investigate and disclose information from or about
you or your use of Indeed if we have a good faith belief that such
investigation or disclosure (a) is reasonably necessary to comply with legal
process (including subpoenas, search warrants, court orders) and law
enforcement instructions and orders; (b) is helpful to prevent, investigate,
or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the use of the Site; or (c)
may protect our rights, reputation, property, safety, or that of the public;
or (d) as necessary to meet  national security requirements. Indeed is subject
to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission or
other investigatory bodies of the United States.

We may use a variety of methods to detect and address anomalous activity and
screen content to prevent abuse such as spam. These efforts may on occasion
result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions
for some users. Indeed provides two-way message proxy and relay services to
the users of our Indeed products, including: Indeed Resume, Indeed Apply, and
Post a Job. By utilizing this Indeed relay function in connection with any of
the aforementioned products, you acknowledge that you are asking Indeed to
send these messages on your behalf. We monitor, review, store and analyze your
content (including your resumes, cover letters, applications, messages,
questionnaire answers, responses, offer letters and other materials) that you
send, store or receive, including via automated means and otherwise, for data
analysis, quality control, and to refine the Site or any other Indeed product
or service (including to provide better search results and other listings for
job seekers and employers, provide you with personally relevant product
features, and to prevent and block fraud and spam or reduce unwanted mail).
When communicating through Indeed’s relay system, you will see an email
address with an @indeedemail.com or @indeedmail.com ending. You retain no
ownership rights in these email addresses, which are specific to Employers’
Job Listings, but owned by Indeed. Indeed’s relay system will show the name
associated with your account or job application in the “To:” or “From:” field.
Please note that since these message proxy and relay services depend on the
functionality of third party providers, there may be technical delays on the
part of those email service providers. If you share the Indeed-owned email
address with someone other than yourself, and they send an email to this email
address, Indeed reserves the right to verify and confirm the identity of the
sender of that email with the Employer associated with that email address’ Job
Listing. Indeed reserves the right to drop messages from our relay system that
Indeed determines do not adhere to Site Rules or any of the terms of this
agreement.

Any information shared by you with Indeed may be shared with or transferred to
any Indeed affiliated entity (including those located outside the European
Union or Switzerland, or Indeed Hire, Inc.), no matter where located, for the
purpose of providing you services and improving the Site. By using the Site,
you consent to this transfer and acknowledge that the services provided  to
you and the functionality of the Site could not be provided without such a
transfer. If you do not wish your information to be transferred in this way
you should not use this Site.

Transfer of Data to Third Parties

We may use other companies, including affiliates and third parties, to perform
services in connection with our operations, and to improve the Site and our
other products and services. These third parties may include (but are not
limited to) service providers and vendors.

In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to
Personal Information, and such Personal Information may be transferred to
other countries. Those companies are contractually required to treat such
Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please also be
aware that we may use third-party cloud service providers that provide
hosting, data storage and other services pursuant to standard terms and
conditions that may be nonnegotiable; these service providers have informed us
or the general public that they apply security measures they consider adequate
for the protection of information within their system, or they have a general
reputation for applying such measures. However, we will not be liable (to the
fullest extent permitted by law) for any damages that may result from the
misuse of any information, including Personal Information, by these companies.
Please see paragraph 11 for liabilities related to the transfer of Personal
Data for EU and Swiss Residents.

You may also use certain third-party sites or services that you link to from
Indeed’s Site. In such cases, all information you provide to a third party is
provided to that third party and not to Indeed, and is subject to the third
party’s privacy policy and terms of service. Please see the section below
titled Links to Third-Party Sites for more information.

Indeed may use your IP address and mobile device information to help diagnose
problems with Indeed’s service and to administer the Site. Your IP address and
mobile device information may also be used to help identify you, your
location, and your online profile and to gather broad demographic information
(such as country of origin). Indeed may maintain   (as permitted by applicable
law) information collected from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy following
any termination of your relationship with Indeed. Indeed may also delete such
information as permitted by applicable law. If you provide credit, debit or
other payment card and related details to us in order to make a payment,
Indeed will use such information only for the purpose of processing the
payment. Indeed may also aggregate your data with other data, for the purposes
set forth above.

5\. Contact and Resume Information

When you give Indeed contact information (such as your name and email address)
and demographic information, you agree that Indeed may utilize this
information as set forth herein. You agree that Indeed may, as part of its
services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on
behalf of a third party, through your Indeed account or through other means
such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including
through the use of contact information that you may provide to Indeed or that
Indeed may otherwise obtain from third-party resources. If and to the extent
permitted by applicable law, Indeed or its designated third-party partners may
also use your contact information to (i) send you job alerts; (ii) create an
account; and (iii) send you information about Indeed, including promotional
materials. A job alert is defined as an email sent to you that you sign up for
containing Job Listings in response to a search query you have run (“Job
Alert”). Job Alerts may also include jobs that Indeed recommends for you,
Indeed Targeted Ads, companies you may be interested in following, or other
actions you may want to take on the Site. Indeed may use demographic and/or
profile data to tailor your experience on the Site, show you content that
Indeed thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your
preferences. Your information, including Personal Information, gets placed on
the Site when you upload or edit a resume. To the extent you upload a resume
or edit it, and subject to your Privacy Settings, you are making the resume,
your name and other Personal Information that you place on your resume
available to third parties who may be interested in you as an employee (and
who may forward your resume and Personal Information to other third parties),
to Job Seekers who may want to contact you, to search engines, or to the
general public by posting your Personal Information on the internet.

You acknowledge that Indeed may determine whether the words of your resume or
any other individuals’ resume match the words of certain job descriptions, and
vice versa, in order to improve the Site or any other Indeed product or
service (including by displaying or otherwise making available potentially
relevant job descriptions and resumes to job seekers and employers). If you
post a public resume, this may be crawled by, and displayed through, search
engines when someone searches for your name. This means that third parties can
view the Personal Information contained in your resume and you may receive
unsolicited contact from parties unaffiliated with Indeed and for whom Indeed
has no responsibility. If you do not want your Personal Information posted on
the Site, you should not upload it. You may opt out of this feature on a going
forward basis by editing your Privacy Settings; however, Indeed does not
warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches, which
may continue to contain your resume information. Indeed reserves the right to
charge third parties a fee for accessing your information, including Personal
Information, as part of Indeed’s services. At your direction, Indeed may also
send your resume to third parties if you choose to apply for a job listing.

6\. Additional Uses and Disclosures of Non-Personal Information

In addition to the other uses and disclosures of information set forth in this
Privacy Policy, and notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the
contrary, we may use and disclosure, for any purpose, any information that
does not identify you as a specific individual (“Non-Personal Information”),
except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. Such Non-
Personal Information may include, for example and without limitation: MAC
addresses and other device identifiers; IP addresses; pixel tags and similar
technologies; physical location information; and demographic information,
including gender, dates of birth, ZIP codes, etc. Non-Personal Information may
also include Personal Information that has been aggregated or deidentified. If
we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as
combining your ZIP code with your name), then we will only use and disclose
such combined information for the purposes described in this Paragraph 6 and
Paragraphs 4, 5 and 10 of this Privacy Policy while it is so combined. If we
are required to treat Non-Personal Information as Personal Information under
applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which
we use and disclose Personal Information.

7\. Security

Indeed seeks to use reasonable security measures to help protect against the
loss, misuse and alteration of the Personal Information under Indeed’s
control. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage, is 100% secure, however. In addition, please note that emails,
messages sent via your web browser, and other similar means of communication
with other users, are not encrypted. We strongly advise you not to communicate
any confidential or sensitive information through these means. Therefore,
while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its security.
Please also be aware that we may use third-party cloud service providers that
provide hosting, data storage and other services pursuant to standard terms
and conditions that may be nonnegotiable; these service providers have
informed us or the general public that they apply security measures they
consider adequate for the protection of information within their system, or
they have a general reputation for applying such measures. However, we will
not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) for any damages that
may result from the misuse of any information, including Personal Information,
by these companies. Please see paragraph 11 for liabilities pertaining to the
transfer of personal data for EU and Swiss Residents.

8\. Cookies

“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on
your computer’s hard drive. Please see our cookie policy for further
information regarding Indeed’s use of Cookies.

9\. Links to Third-Party Sites

The Site may make available links to other websites. When you click on such
links, you may leave our Site. The Site may also make available Company Pages,
which may contain information provided by third-party Employers. WE ARE NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE OR OTHER PRIVACY
PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES, THIRD-PARTY SERVICE
PROVIDERS, ANY EMPLOYERS (INCLUDING ANY EMPLOYER THAT PROVIDES A COMPANY
PAGE), ANY THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM, ANY THIRD PARTY MAKING AVAILABLE
THE DEVICES OR OPERATING SYSTEMS FOR WHICH THE SITE IS AVAILABLE, AND ANY
THIRD PARTY OPERATING ANY WEBSITE TO WHICH THE SITE CONTAINS A LINK. YOU MAY
HAVE RIGHTS DIRECTLY ENFORCEABLE AGAINST THESE THIRD PARTIES SO YOU SHOULD
CONSIDER THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES TO LEARN MORE.

10\. Acquisitions and Other Reorganizations

Information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal
Information, may be disclosed to one or more third parties in connection with
any change of ownership or control in Indeed’s business (whether by merger,
sale, or otherwise), or any other reorganization or joint venture, or
assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our
business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or
similar proceeding), and any such information may be used by such third party
in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Equally, information collected
pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal Information, may be
disclosed to one or more third parties in connection with any acquisition or
merger carried out by Indeed of such third parties.

11\. Personal Data for EU and Swiss Residents

The following section pertains to users who are located in the European Union
and Switzerland. Indeed, Inc. serves as a subprocessor of data for Indeed
Ireland. Indeed, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and
the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union member countries and Switzerland to the
United States. Indeed has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield
Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security,
Data Integrity, and Purpose Limitation, Access, Recourse, Enforcement and
Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy
policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall
govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our
certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.

In the context of an onward transfer of data to a third party, a Privacy
Shield organization has responsibility for the processing of personal
information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to
a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Indeed shall remain liable
under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a
manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Indeed proves that it is not
responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

Residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland have a right of access
to their data. Job Seekers are able to access and update their resume data
through the resume portion of Indeed’s site. If you wish Indeed to access and
edit such data on your behalf, please send a certified letter to the above
address with a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity
verification purposes) and the same will be provided to you. There may be a
charge for such a request (which will not be higher than applicable law
permits). European Economic Area and Switzerland residents also have a right,
if their personal data is inaccurate, of rectification, erasure or blocking of
such inaccurate personal data. You may edit your resume free of charge (if
there is an inaccuracy or otherwise), by following procedures set forth on the
Site. If your personal data is inaccurate, you may alternatively request
Indeed to rectify, erase or block the data by sending a certified letter, with
a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity verification
purposes), to the above address with the exact nature of the requested action.

12\. Do Not Track Requests

We do not respond to the browser “Do Not Track” (DNT) signal if enabled by the
user in their web browser. When we set or read cookies on non-Indeed sites
that have integrated our job search and display features, we do so, for
example, to provide a personalized job search experience to users on those
sites. We do not share any information about your use of Indeed with those
third parties. When third parties that we have integrated into Indeed sites
(as described in the Indeed Cookie Policy) set or read their own third-party
cookies, they may or may not respond to the DNT signal.

13\. Opting Out

If you no longer want to receive promotional materials from us based upon your
Personal Information, going forward, you may opt out of receiving such
marketing related messages by sending an email to opt-out @ indeed.com (remove
spaces when sending email). Please note that we may still send other messages
to you, such as administrative messages. We will try to comply with your
request as soon as reasonably practicable.

14\. Independent Dispute Resolution

In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Indeed
commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of
your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries
or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Indeed at:
Indeed Privacy Program, Director of Privacy, Indeed, 1008 Western Ave. 5th
Floor Seattle, WA, 98005 USA, or by emailing privacy-dept @ indeed.com (remove
spaces when sending email).

Indeed has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the
EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a
nonprofit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States
and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive
timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not
satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-
shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint.

There may be a possibility, under certain limited conditions, for EU and Swiss
individuals to invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel.

15\. General Inquiries and Complaints

You may contact Indeed, Inc. at 6433 Champion Grandview Way, Building 1,
Austin, TX, 78750, USA, and you may contact Indeed Ireland Operations Limited
at 124 St. Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2, Ireland; or you may contact either
company via our Site contact form.

## Indeed Terms of Service Introduction

When you access or use Indeed’s online and/or mobile services and websites,
including any Indeed mobile application (collectively the “Indeed Apps”)
regardless of where it is downloaded from, and any software provided by or on
behalf of Indeed on or in connection with such services or websites
(collectively, the “Site”), including, but not limited to, the Indeed Ads
Program, Indeed Resume Program (otherwise referred to as the Indeed CV Program
in certain countries), Indeed MoBolt, Indeed Prime, Indeed Targeted Ads,
Indeed Publisher Program, Indeed Apply, or any other service, (a) you
represent that you have read and understand the Cookies Policy and Privacy
Policy; and (b) you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of these Terms of
Service (the “Agreement”) with the following entity or entities:

  * Indeed Brasil Pesquisa de Empregos ltda., Rua Fidêncio Ramos 302 – Torre B – 12º Andar, Vila Olímpia, São Paulo/SP – CEP: 04551-010, Brasil, solely with respect Employer (as defined below)’s use of the Indeed Ads Program, and Indeed Resume Program, if any, if and when you are in Brazil (“Indeed Brazil”), and/or
  * Indeed, Inc., 6433 Champion Grandview Way, Building 1, Austin, TX, 78750, USA, if and when you are in the United States (“Indeed, Inc.”), and/or
  * Indeed India Operations (Pte.) Ltd., Ground Floor, Block C, Divyasree Omega Hitech City Road, Kondapur, Hyderabad TG 500054 IN, solely with respect to Employer’s use of the Indeed Ads Program and Indeed Resume Program, if any, if and when you are in India (“Indeed India”), and/or
  * Indeed Singapore Operations (Pte.) Ltd., 50 Collyer Quay #05-05, OUE Bayfront, Singapore 049321, solely with respect to Employer’s use of the Indeed Ads Program and Indeed Resume Program, if any, if and when you are in the Asia-Pacific Region* (unless you have an insertion order issued by another Indeed entity, in which case you will contract with Indeed Ireland) (“Indeed Singapore”), and/or
  * Indeed Ireland Operations Limited, 124 St. Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2, Ireland, in all other respects (“Indeed Ireland”).

Any references to “Indeed” or “we” in this Agreement shall mean the applicable
entity as set forth above.

The Site is made available for use only by individuals searching for
employment openings (“Job Seekers”), by individuals and/or organizations
seeking to make available information regarding employment openings, on their
behalf or other’s behalf, including but not limited to agencies purchasing for
multiple parties (“Employers”), and by individuals and/or organizations
seeking to participate in the Indeed Publisher Program (“Publishers”).  If you
are accessing or using the Site in your capacity as an employee or other
representative of an Employer or Publisher, you are agreeing to this Agreement
on behalf of yourself and such Employer or Publisher, as applicable, and you
represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such Employer or
Publisher, as applicable, to this Agreement.

We may change this Agreement by notifying you of such changes by any
reasonable means, including by posting a revised Agreement through the Site.
Any such changes will not apply to any claim brought prior to the date on
which we posted the revised Agreement incorporating such changes, or otherwise
notified you of such changes. Your access to or use of the Site following any
changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such changes. The
“Last Updated” legends in each section of the terms and conditions indicate
when this Agreement was last changed. We may, at any time and without
liability, modify or discontinue all or part of the Site (including access to
the Site via any third-party links); charge, modify or waive any fees required
to use the Site; or offer opportunities to some or all Site users.

This Agreement hereby incorporates by this reference any additional terms and
conditions posted by Indeed through the Site, or otherwise made available to
you by Indeed. In particular:

  * If you access or use the Indeed Ads Program, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed Ads Program Terms
  * If you access or use the Indeed Resume Program, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed Resume Program Terms
  * If you access or use Indeed MoBolt, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed MoBolt Terms
  * If you access or use Indeed Prime, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed Prime Terms
  * If you access or use Indeed Targeted Ads, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed Targeted Ads Terms
  * If you access or use the Indeed Publisher Program, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed Publisher Program Terms
  * For all other uses of the Site, you are agreeing to be bound by the Indeed General Terms of Service

## Indeed General Terms of Service

Last Updated: March 21, 2017

A. The following terms and conditions apply to all Job Seekers, Employers,
Publishers and other users who access or use the Site, or otherwise indicate
their acceptance to this Agreement.

1. The Indeed Services

Indeed may make available certain job listings and other job-related contents,
including links to third-party websites (such listings and other contents,
(“Job Listings” or “Job Ads”), through Indeed’s search results or otherwise
through the Site. Job Listings are created and provided by third parties over
whom Indeed exercises no control; you acknowledge and understand that we have
no control over Job Listings. Except for certain sponsored, featured or paid
placements, the Job Listings contained on, or linked from, the Site are
indexed or posted in an automated manner. Indeed does not have any obligation
to screen any Job Listing, or to include any Job Listing in its search results
or other listings, and may exclude or remove any Job Listing from the Site for
any or no reason. We cannot confirm the accuracy or completeness of any Job
Listing or other information submitted by any employer or other user,
including the identity of such employer or other user. Indeed assumes no
responsibility, and disclaims all liability, for the content, accuracy,
completeness, legality, reliability, or availability of any Job Listing. You
agree that Indeed may also provide search options to narrow down Job Listing
search results by job type (i.e. full-time, part-time, etc.), and such job
types are created independently and entirely by Indeed, and are not a direct
reflection of the actual Job Listing.

1(a) If you are a Job Seeker, any resume or application information that you
submit through the Site is subject to this Agreement (including Section 4
below) and to Indeed’s Privacy Policy. Without limiting the foregoing,
however, please note that by creating a public Indeed Resume through the Site,
you are requesting and authorizing Indeed to make available your resume to any
Employer that Indeed believes may have an interest in your resume. By creating
or uploading an Indeed Resume, Indeed may contact you to share Job Listings
with you that match the contents of your Indeed Resume. In addition, when you
indicate your interest in a Job Listing through Indeed Apply (hereinafter, all
references on the Site to “Apply Now”, “Easily Apply”, “Simple Apply”, “Apply
from your phone”, “Apply with Indeed” or any similar references are referred
to as “Indeed Apply”) you are requesting and authorizing Indeed to reformat
the job so that you may read it more clearly in your phone, you are sending
your resume and application information to Indeed, and you are requesting and
authorizing Indeed to make available such application information to the
applicable Employer(s) for such Job Listing(s). When you ask Indeed to
transmit an application or a message to an Employer via Indeed Apply or
Indeed’s relay system, you understand that this is without warranty. Indeed
also does not guarantee that any Employer will receive, access, read or
respond to any such resume or application material, or that there will be no
mistakes in the transmission of the data. However, Indeed may alert you when
any of the above events occur. In addition, by using Indeed Apply, you agree
that Indeed is not responsible for the content of the Employer’s application
form, messages, screener questions, testing assessments or their format and
that Indeed does not guarantee receipt of your application by the Employer, or
your receipt of messages from the Employer. By using Indeed Apply and
answering screener questions, you acknowledge that Employers may have
instructed Indeed to send out rejection notices if you have not answered the
questions in a manner that the Employer so wishes, and you acknowledge that
Indeed has no discretion in the transmission of these rejections. When you
apply to a job using the Indeed Apply button, Indeed will attempt to send your
application to the contact information provided to us by an Employer or their
Agent. We cannot vouch for the validity of such contact information provided
to us. If you do not feel comfortable sending an application or messages in
this manner, do not use the Indeed Apply or Indeed relay functions and please
send your application or messages directly to the Employer by whatever other
method you so choose. Additionally, you consent to your application and any
responses sent to you by the Employer (including offer letters) through Indeed
being processed and analyzed by Indeed according to this Agreement and
Indeed’s Privacy Policy. Indeed shall store such information regardless of
whether a job vacancy has been filled. Indeed may use your application
materials (including public resumes and responses to screener questions) to
determine whether you may be interested in a Job Listing, and Indeed may reach
out to you about such Job Listing.  Indeed does not guarantee the validity of
a job offer and cautions Job Seekers to verify the validity of a job offer
before taking an adverse action regarding their current employment situations.

1(b) If you are an Employer, when you create an Indeed account, a Career Site
or post a Job Listing on the Site, whether as part of the Indeed Ads Program
or otherwise, you agree that this Agreement and all of Indeed’s policies,
including the Indeed Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, apply to you and to the
Job Seekers using such Career Sites or indicating an interest in such Job
Listings.  Specifically, when you create an Indeed account, Indeed may require
that you verify your identity through a third party service called NetVerify.
By using NetVerify, you are submitting your identification documents for
verification directly to NetVerify, you are agreeing to share your
identification with NetVerify, and you agree that NetVerify is solely
responsible for any use or loss of data. Indeed may have access to your
identification documents via NetVerify. You also agree that, as a service to
Job Seekers, Indeed may activate its Indeed Apply relay function for use in
connection with such Job Listing, and that any Job Seekers who wish to
indicate an interest in such Job Listing may only do so through Indeed Apply,
and that Indeed will send applications to the email address you provide us
with. When you use the Indeed Apply relay function, you acknowledge and agree
that Indeed may add certain functions into the email, which allows you to take
actions regarding the Job Seeker including setting up an interview, viewing a
resume and rejecting a candidate, and that you consent to Indeed monitoring
and analyzing these actions. When using the Indeed Apply function, Indeed will
attempt to send applications to the contact information provided to Indeed by
you, the Employer. Indeed has no ability to verify the contact information
provided by You. In the event You provide incorrect contact information, it
shall be your responsibility to correct, appropriately respond, or take any
steps necessary to protect the privacy of such Job Seekers, and you indemnify
Indeed for any damages resulting therefrom. In addition, Indeed may, on your
behalf, send out reminder emails to Job Seekers you wish to interview. Indeed
may also send emails to Job Seekers on your behalf indicating that your Job
Listing is potentially a match for the Job Seeker’s resume. Indeed is not
responsible for the content of your emails, application form, screener
questions or their format, and Indeed does not guarantee delivery, your
receipt of the Job Seeker’s emails or application materials, or that there
will be no mistakes in the transmission of the data. When you use screener
questions, you may be given the option to instruct Indeed to send out
rejection notices if the Job Seeker has not answered the questions in the
manner set forth in the online instruction. If you choose such option, you
agree you are instructing us to send out rejection notices to such candidates
and set them to rejected in your Employer dashboard. You further acknowledge
that Indeed has no discretion in the transmission of these rejections (which
is purely mechanical), that transmission is not guaranteed, and that the Job
Seeker may not have answered the screener questions accurately. You agree that
Indeed Apply is presented to you without warranty and Indeed assumes no
responsibility for the communications between you and the Job Seeker, which
communications are yours’ and the Job Seekers’ sole responsibility. By using
any automated phone screen product, you agree that you are requesting Indeed
to send a Job Seeker a telephone number, which the Job Seeker may call with
the purpose of answering your telephone screening questions. You agree these
questions are part of your application process, are solely determined by you,
and are not being asked by Indeed. You also agree that you are only asking
Indeed to record the Job Seeker’s answers to your screening questions and that
Indeed will forward you the recording of the answers to your questions. You
consent to Indeed listening to and analyzing the recording in accordance with
Indeed’s Privacy Policy. When you respond to or contact a Job Seeker who has
used Indeed Resume, or Indeed Apply, you are providing information to Indeed
and requesting and authorizing us to make available such information to the
applicable Job Seeker. Additionally, you consent to Job Seekers’ applications
and any responses sent by you (including offer letters) through Indeed being
processed and analyzed by Indeed according to this Agreement and Indeed’s
Privacy Policy. Indeed shall store such information regardless of whether a
job vacancy has been filled. You are responsible for the contents of any
Career Sites that you create, any Job Listings that you post, and any messages
that you send through Indeed Apply or otherwise, including any questions for
Job Seekers. You agree that Indeed may reject or remove any Job Listing, any
part of any Career Site, or any questions for Job Seekers for any or no
reason. You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indeed, its agents,
affiliates, and licensors from any third-party claim or liability (including
without limitation reasonable legal fees) arising out of any Career Site
created by you, or any Job Listing or screener questions (or answers thereto)
posted by you, or any message sent by you (including any questions for Job
Seekers contained in any of the foregoing). Indeed may provide analytics data
regarding your Employer account to anyone at your company at Indeed’s
discretion. To the extent permitted by law, if you have an unpaid or
outstanding invoice or account balance for any Indeed product, Indeed reserves
the right to suspend or terminate your use of that Indeed product as well as
any other Indeed product, including but not limited to those Indeed products
where you do not have an unpaid invoice or account balance.

1(c) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, when you send,
store or receive materials (including Job Listings, resumes, and messages)
through or using the Site, Indeed may, for example, use such materials for
data analysis, quality control, or to refine the Site or any other Indeed
product or service (including to provide better search results and other
listings for Job Seekers and Employers), whether via automated means or
otherwise. When you send, store or receive materials through or using the
Site, Indeed may also inform a Job Seeker that an Employer has taken an action
with regards to a Job Seeker’s application such as opening the application,
viewing the application and making a decision with regards to the application,
and you hereby consent to Indeed taking such actions. Indeed assumes no
responsibility, and disclaims all liability, for the content, accuracy,
completeness, legality, reliability, or availability of any job listing,
career site, job solicitation, screener question, answer to screener question,
resume information you post, send or receive through the Site. If you see any
inaccuracy in any such material, it is your responsibility to correct such
information or to contact Indeed to do so. Indeed does not promise to correct
any inaccuracy.

1(d) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may use
application materials (including resumes and responses to screener questions)
to determine whether the words of any Job Seeker’s resume and answers to
screener questions match the words of a Job Listing, and vice-versa.
Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, you agree and consent
that Indeed may differentiate those matching resumes and screener questions
from those that do not match, and presenting them to Employers as matches or
not matches. Indeed may also use such information in order to improve the Site
or any other Indeed product or service (including by displaying or otherwise
making available potentially relevant Job Listings and resumes to Job Seekers
and Employers).

1(e) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may
provide certain categories of information to you for informational purposes
only. For example, Indeed may provide you with data regarding estimated
salaries for a certain Job Listing, or about estimated applies to a Job
Listing you may receive as an Employer.  These figures provided by Indeed are
estimates given for informational purposes only, and they are subject to
change or varying levels of accuracy.  With respect to information regarding
estimated applies, if you are an Employer participating in the Indeed Ads
Program, please note that this is not the information you are purchasing from
Indeed and you are not charged per apply. Indeed may also include salary
estimations on pages other than Job Listings on the Site. Please note that all
salary figures are approximations based upon multiple third party submissions
to Indeed. These figures are given to Indeed users for the purpose of
generalized comparison only. Minimum wage may differ by jurisdiction and you
should consult the employer for actual salary figures.

1(f) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may
provide certain types of career-related information on its Site in the Indeed
Career Guide. All information contained in the Indeed Career Guide is for
informational purposes only, and is in no way to be construed as professional
career counseling. You understand that Indeed may give suggestions or
information regarding best-practices, however, you understand that it is
ultimately your responsibility to determine how to pursue your job search or
candidate search. You further understand that in providing the Indeed Career
Guide, Indeed is not acting as a job placement agency or staffing firm. You
also understand that by referring to the Indeed Career Guide, you are not
guaranteed job interviews, job placement or assurance of being hired, and you
take full responsibility for use of these services.

1(g) Regardless of whether you are an Employer or Job Seeker, Indeed may
provide you an online questionnaire relating to your industry and/or your
hiring or job searching needs. Indeed may match a Job Seeker’s responses to
such questionnaires to determine, on the basis of the Employer’s responses to
a questionnaire about its industry and/or hiring needs, whether such Job
Seeker would match the Employer’s hiring criteria as specified in the
Employer’s questionnaire responses. In the event Indeed determines that a Job
Seeker matches the Employer’s hiring criteria, Indeed may connect such
matching Job Seeker and Employer by sending a note informing both parties of
the match, including but not limited to sending an Employer a short
description of a Job Seeker taken directly from the Job Seeker’s responses to
the questionnaire. In all events you will know what data we are providing to
either a Job Seeker or Employer, or upon which we relied to make the match,
because you have actively submitted it. If the Employer and Job Seeker express
interest in each other, you agree Indeed may provide the Employer with an
email address for the Job Seeker either provided by Indeed or the Job Seeker
and, if you are a Job Seeker, you consent to this. Regardless of whether you
are an Employer or Job Seeker, by submitting the completed questionnaire, you
agree and consent to Indeed (i) conducting such matching, utilizing only
material you have submitted through the questionnaire process, (ii) presenting
matching Job Seekers to Employers, and vice versa and (iii) storing and
analyzing such data submitted in response to such online questionnaires.

1(h) If you are a Job Seeker, you take a variety of actions on our Site. For
example, you search for jobs, and Indeed knows and stores the titles of jobs
you search for, where those jobs are located, any information, including
salary interest or experience of which you have informed Indeed, or the
general salary range or experience level of the jobs you view (if indicated on
the Job Listings), the Job Listings you apply to or any of your other behavior
on the Indeed site, when you use Indeed. You know exactly what this data is
because you are the person who undertook the activity and the data pertains
only to your activity. If you have an Indeed account or an Indeed-hosted
resume, you agree that Indeed may use this observed factual data to suggest
jobs to you and to suggest you or your public resume to Employers that might
be interested in a person who matches your behavior on Indeed. You also agree
that Indeed may contact you based on this observed behavior. However, please
note, although information may be sent to you by a third party through the
Indeed system, the aforementioned behavior does not include information
relayed to you.

1(i) If you are a Job Seeker located in India, please note that Indeed may
automatically send you recommended jobs via the email address you use to
create an Indeed account or apply to a job. Indeed may determine what these
recommended jobs are on the basis of a variety of factors, including but not
limited to, any information you input on the Site about yourself, searches you
run on the Site, jobs you click on, jobs you apply to, or the materials you
provide in a job application to an Employer through Indeed.

1(j) The Indeed Express Plan is governed by the terms and conditions found in
the Indeed Ads Program terms below, with the exception of any billing terms
contained in Section 5. Payment. If you have chosen to activate the Indeed
Express Plan, please note that you will only be charged the amount listed on
the Express Plan page in the Post a Job funnel on the Site (“Express Plan
Page”) if you receive the number of qualified applicants described on the
Express Plan Page, in the amount of time listed on the Express Plan Page. A
Qualified Applicant is defined as an applicant whose answers to the
application questions you configure meet your defined requirements. In order
to activate this plan, you must configure at least one application question.
Once you have activated an Express Plan, you may pause or cancel your job at
any time. Once you have received the number of Qualified Applicants listed on
the Express Plan Page, your job will be automatically paused. After the amount
of time listed on the Express Plan Page has passed, if you reactivate your
job, it will be governed by the entirety of the Indeed Ads Program terms.

2\. External Sites

The Site contains links to other sites on the Internet which are owned and/or
operated by third-party vendors and other third parties (the “External
Sites”). You acknowledge that Indeed is not responsible or liable for any such
third parties or for the availability of, or the materials located on or
through, any External Sites. You should contact the site administrator or
webmaster for the applicable External Site if you have any concerns regarding
such links or the materials located on an External Site.

In addition, Indeed may provide you with links to certain third party sites
that offer you services for your use or benefit. We may stop offering any such
third party sites or services at any time. If you choose to use such third
party sites or services, you enter into an agreement with such third party
alone at your own risk. When entering into an agreement with such parties, you
are giving them your data directly and your rights and their obligations are
determined by their privacy policies and terms of service. We are not
responsible for any content or services provided these third parties, and
disclaim all liability from anything that may occur when you utilize such
third parties. We are additionally not responsible for any payment that may be
asked of you by such third party. You will be notified on the site that these
are third party sites and services, and not Indeed.

For example, Indeed may provide Employers with access to a third party site
Interviewed.com, which allows Employers to send Job Seekers certain skills
assessment tests. Indeed does not review these skills assessment tests, and
any Employer’s use of them and Interviewed.com is solely at its own risk.
Additionally, Indeed does not grade the results of the skills assessment
tests. However, an Employer may choose to store the results of a Job Seeker’s
skills assessment test on Indeed. Indeed reserves the right to remove access
to Interviewed.com for any Employer who, in Indeed’s sole discretion, abuses
the third party service. Any Employer who uses this product shall indemnify
Indeed for any and all claims arising out of its use of Interviewed.com.

3\. Use of Site

Indeed’s Site is for your non-commercial use only. If you wish to make
commercial use of the Site, or if you wish to purchase Indeed services that
utilize the Site, you must have a prior written agreement with Indeed to do
so, or have accepted Indeed’s online terms of service. Please contact us for
more information. We reserve the right at all times (but will not have any
obligation) to terminate users, and reclaim usernames or URLs, for any reason.

4\. User Content

Some parts of the Site, such as message boards and forums, may allow users to
post Job Listings, resumes, information, text, images, audio, video, messages,
and other materials (any such materials that a user submits, posts, displays,
or otherwise makes available on or through the Site is referred to herein as
“User Content”). Such functionality is designed to help users obtain career
and company information, facilitate communication, discuss ways to make career
decisions, and to let users know of jobs. User Content is provided by third-
party contributors, many of whom may use anonymous screen names. User Content
may be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or deceptive. For example, the Site
hosts Company Pages, which allow User Content to be posted by individuals that
may not be affiliated with the Company who owns the Company Page, including
but not limited to the answers to Q&amp;A questions on Company Pages. Indeed
does not endorse and is not responsible for any User Content, including any
opinion, advice, information, or statement contained therein. You acknowledge
that by accessing the Site, you may come into contact with content (including
User Content) that you find harmful, offensive, threatening, indecent or
objectionable, including, but not limited to, explicit language and other
potentially offensive material, and you acknowledge that Indeed shall have no
liability with respect to such content.

You must not post any User Content that is unlawful, fraudulent,
discriminatory, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene or
otherwise objectionable, or that contains sexual, ethnic, racial or other
discriminating slurs, or that contains no relevant or constructive content.
You must also not post any User Content that contains proprietary information,
trade secrets, confidential information, advertisements, solicitations, chain
letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities, or other unsolicited
commercial communication (except as otherwise expressly permitted by us in
writing), or encourages or causes spamming or flooding.

You are prohibited from posting any User Content containing official
identification information (whether your own or of another person), such as
social security number, passport number, national identification number,
insurance number, driver’s license number, immigration number, or any other
similar number, code, or identifier. Posting such identification information
may lead to identity theft and other adverse consequences. Indeed may remove
any such identification information, but does not undertake any obligation to
do so, and has no responsibility and disclaims all liability for any posting
of such identification information. Indeed reserves the right to change the
display of resume on its Site, including, but not limited to, hiding fields,
rearranging its format, and changing visual elements.

Although Indeed has no obligation to do so, Indeed may monitor User Content,
and reserves the right to delete any User Content or portion thereof that, in
Indeed’s sole discretion, violates the above rules, including any User Content
that is unrelated to the specific portion of the Site on which it is posted,
or that is an advertisement, recruiting or other commercial message, or that
Indeed deems in its sole discretion to be inappropriate. If you believe that
any User Content violates this Agreement or our policies, please contact
Indeed immediately so that we may have the opportunity to consider its
removal. For clarity, Indeed does not have any obligation to remove any User
Content, and the interpretation of whether any User Content violates any
Indeed policy will always remain within the sole discretion of Indeed.

Indeed reserves the right to disclose all User Content and other relevant
information, and the circumstances surrounding their transmission, to any
third party in connection with operating the Site; to protect itself, its
affiliates, its partners and its visitors; and to comply with legal
obligations or governmental requests. This means, for example, that Indeed may
honor subpoenas, search warrants, law enforcement or court-mandated requests
to reveal a user’s electronic address and identity, or other properly
requested information. As an Employer, when you post a Job Listing on Indeed
that you choose to list as confidential, your identity may be discoverable by
request from the government or law enforcement.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Indeed reserves the right
(but is under no obligation) to remove any Job Listing that directly or
indirectly discriminates against Job Seekers. Direct discrimination means, for
example, that a Job Listing specifically makes clear that only Job Seekers
matching a certain criteria are wanted, thereby excluding others because of,
for example, their gender, race, age or disability. Indirect discrimination
means, for example, that a Job Listing implicitly excludes certain classes of
Job Seekers by making it impossible for them to qualify for the job
requirements. You understand and agree that it is your responsibility to
refrain from posting any Job Listing that directly or indirectly discriminate
against Job Seekers or otherwise violate applicable law.

Please note: Section 230 of the U.S. Communications Decency Act provides that:

(1) Treatment of publisher or speaker

No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the
publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information
content provider.

(2) Civil liability

No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on
account of-

(A) any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or
availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene,
lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise
objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected; or

(B) any action taken to enable or make available to information content
providers or others the technical means to restrict access to material
described in paragraph (1).

5\. License to User Content and Feedback

Only to the extent permitted by law, if you post content or submit material to
Indeed, including photographs or material you submit for a job solicitation
hosted on Indeed, you grant Indeed a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual,
(revocable only as described below), fully paid, royalty-free, sublicensable
(through multiple layers of sub-licensees) right and license to make, use,
sell, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, perform, display, prepare derivative
works from and otherwise exploit all such content and materials for the
purpose of publishing material on the Indeed website or its publisher
partners, maintaining the Indeed website and promoting Indeed without
restriction. Furthermore, you grant to Indeed, its affiliates, and
sublicensees the license to use your name, user name, and/or trademarks and
logos in connection with any such User Content or Indeed marketing materials,
or actions by Indeed to promote or publicize such User Content (e.g. Job
Listings) including the use of keywords in third-party internet search
engines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Employer(s) submits
photographs to Indeed for association with a particular Job Listing, Indeed
shall not post such content anywhere other than the Employer(s)’s Job Listing.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content that you submit,
post, display, or otherwise make available on or through the Site, or that you
otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, (ii)
such User Content, and its submission, posting, display or availability on or
through the Site does not violate applicable law or the privacy rights,
publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights or
any other rights of any person or entity, and (iii) such submission, posting,
display or availability on or through the Site does not result in any breach
of contract between you and any third party. You agree to pay for all
royalties, fees, damages, and any other monies owed to any person or entity by
reason of such User Content. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless
Indeed and its affiliates from any claims resulting from any such User
Content. If you wish to request to revoke the license granted by you in this
Section for any such User Content, please send a certified letter of request
to the postal address listed above with a copy of your passport or national
identity card (for identity verification purposes) and request removal of such
User Content. Your certified letter of request must include (a) the signature
of the applicable rights holder for such User Content or a person authorized
to act on behalf of the rights holder; (b) identification of the User Content
for which the license is to be revoked, and information reasonably sufficient
to allow Indeed to locate and remove such User Content on the Site; (c) your
name, address, telephone number, and email address; (d) a statement that you
have a good faith belief that you are the rights holder or authorized by the
rights holder to revoke the license for the designated User Content; and (e) a
statement that the information in the request is accurate, and under penalty
of perjury, that you are the rights holder or are authorized to act on behalf
of the rights holder with respect to such User Content. There may be a charge
for answering and executing such a request; please contact Indeed for more
details.

At your discretion, you may provide feedback and related materials to Indeed
concerning the functionality and performance of the Site from time to time,
including, without limitation, identifying potential errors, improvements,
modifications, bug fixes, or enhancements (“Feedback”). If you, through your
evaluation or otherwise, provide any Feedback, you hereby grant to Indeed a
nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable
(through multiple layers of sublicensees) right and license to make, use,
sell, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, perform, display, prepare derivative
works from and otherwise exploit all such Feedback for any purpose without
restriction. You agree that Indeed may disclose any or all Feedback to any
third party in any manner, and you agree that Indeed may sublicense any or all
Feedback in any form to any third party without restriction. By providing any
Feedback, you agree that your provision of such Feedback is gratuitous,
unsolicited and without restriction, and will not place Indeed under any
fiduciary, confidentiality or other obligation, and that we are free to use
such Feedback without any additional compensation to you, and free to disclose
such Feedback on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further
acknowledge that, by accepting any Feedback, Indeed does not waive any rights
to use similar or related ideas previously known to Indeed, or developed by
its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

6\. Site Rules

You agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Site by any means other
than through the interface that is provided by Indeed, unless you have been
specifically allowed to do so in a separate, written agreement with Indeed.
You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or
disrupts the Site (or the servers and networks which are connected to the
Site). Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate,
written agreement with Indeed, you agree that you will not reproduce,
duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Site for any purpose. You agree
that you are solely responsible for (and that Indeed has no responsibility or
liability to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations
under this Agreement and for any consequences (including any loss or damage
which Indeed may suffer) of any such breach.

You agree that you shall not transmit to Indeed or upload to or through the
Site (whether as User Content or otherwise) any Harmful Code, or use or
misappropriate the Site for your own commercial gain. “Harmful Code” shall
mean any software (sometimes referred to as “viruses,” “worms,” “Trojan
horses,” “time bombs,” “time locks,” “drop dead devices,” “traps,” “access
codes,” “cancelbots” or “trap door devices”) that: (a) is designed to damage,
disrupt, disable, harm, impair, interfere with, intercept, expropriate or
otherwise impede in any manner, any data, storage media, program, system,
equipment or communication, based on any event, including for example but not
limited to (i) exceeding a number of copies, (ii) exceeding a number of users,
(iii) passage of a period of time, (iv) advancement to a particular date or
other numeral, or (v) use of a certain feature; or (b) would enable an
unauthorized person to cause such result; or (c) would enable an unauthorized
person to access another person’s information without such other person’s
knowledge and permission. Without limiting the foregoing and by way of example
only, users may not:

  * Generate or facilitate unsolicited commercial email (“spam”). Such activity includes, but is not limited to: 
    * sending messages in violation of the CAN-SPAM Act under U.S. law or any other applicable anti-spam law;
    * imitating or impersonating another person or his, her or its email address, or creating false accounts for the purpose of sending spam;
    * data mining any Indeed property;
    * sending messages to users who have asked not to be contacted;
    * selling, exchanging or distributing to a third party the contact information of any person without such person’s knowledge of, and continued consent to, such disclosure; and
    * using Indeed Resume contacts in violation of Indeed policy, as determined by Indeed, including, for example, as indicated by low response rates from those persons contacted.
  * Send, upload, distribute or disseminate any unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, infringing, obscene, or otherwise objectionable content, or offer to do the same. Indeed may block the transmission of such content.
  * Intentionally distribute viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, corrupted files, hoaxes, or any other Harmful Code or items of a destructive or deceptive nature.
  * Conduct or forward pyramid schemes or similar programs.
  * Transmit content that may be harmful to minors.
  * Impersonate another person (via the use of an email address or otherwise) or otherwise misrepresent yourself or the source of any email.
  * Transmit another’s intellectual property or other proprietary or confidential information without such owner’s or licensor’s permission. Users who repeatedly post intellectual property owned by others will be banned from Indeed.
  * Violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
  * Promote or encourage illegal activity.
  * Interfere with other Indeed users’ enjoyment of the Site.
  * Create multiple user accounts in connection with any violation of the Agreement or create user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretenses.
  * Sell, trade, resell or otherwise exploit for any unauthorized commercial purpose, or transfer, any Indeed account.
  * Modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the Site.
  * Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Site.
  * Reformat or frame any portion of the web pages that are part of the Site without Indeed’s explicit written permission.
  * Contact other Indeed users about multi-level marketing (MLM) programs, jobs that require payment to start, or any topics Indeed considers detrimental to its users.
  * Create multiple Indeed accounts without permission.
  * Create multiple Indeed accounts not under your corporate or company name, in order to attempt to achieve higher visibility in the free-to-post system.
  * Bypass any limitations or suspensions of functionality.
  * Provide false information.
  * Scrape the Indeed Resume database

Indeed reserves the right to use any User Content (including the content of
messages or material sent through or to the Site or Indeed) to prevent
potentially illegal or tortious activities, or any other activities that are
detrimental to other users. Indeed reserves the right to use a variety of
methods to detect and block the above anomalous activity and to screen User
Content to prevent abuse such as spam or fraud. If you use the Site, you
consent to Indeed enforcing these rules, which may result in a temporary or
permanent suspension or termination of your account or use of certain
functions of the Site, including but not limited to the email relay function,
for some users, with or without notice, and Indeed shall not be responsible or
liable for any such suspension or termination, including any consequences
thereof. Indeed reserves the right to drop any message with an .ade, .adp,
.bat, .chm, .cmd, .com, .cpl, .exe, .hta, .ins, .isp, .jar, .jse, .lib, .lnk,
.mde, .msc, .msp, .mst, .pif, .scr, .sct, .shb, .sys, .vb, .vbe, .vbs, .vxd,
.wsc, .wsf, .wsh, or .zip attachment for any or no reason.

7\. Registration; Contact Information

Some areas of the Site, including areas that may permit you to set up an
Indeed account, require you to register or provide an email address. If you so
register, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete
information about yourself as prompted by our registration form (including
your email address) and (b) be responsible for the confidentiality and use of
your username and password, and not transfer or resell your use of or access
to the Site to any third party. Please note, that any individuals with whom
you have shared your username and password, and are able to answer
verification questions about your Indeed account, may receive access to
information regarding your Indeed account. Indeed is not responsible and
disclaims all liability if your email is used improperly or falsely by a third
party. In some instances, multiple users may be linked to the same account (“a
Linked Account”). By registering for an Indeed account, you agree to receive
mandatory email updates regarding anomalous activity to your Indeed account.
If you attempt to send an email from a name or email address that is not true,
accurate, current or complete, we reserve the right to drop such email, and
attempting to send such email is a violation of our terms. A Linked Account is
created when the primary account owner of an Employer account invites other
users to the same account. When using a Linked Account, all users within the
same Linked Account have access to the communications and actions of all other
users within the Linked Account, and you consent to such access.

We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to
terminate users or to reclaim usernames or URLs.

You agree that Indeed may, as part of its services to you, communicate with
you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a third party, through
your Indeed account or through other means such as email, telephone (including
mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact
information that you may provide to Indeed or that Indeed may otherwise obtain
from third-party sources. By providing Indeed with a mobile phone number, you
expressly consent to receiving communication via such mobile number.

8\. Disclaimer of Warranties

Indeed disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy,
content, completeness, legality, reliability, operability or availability of
information or material displayed in or linked from the Indeed search results
(including Jobs Listings) or otherwise made available on the Site by Indeed or
third parties (including User Content), regardless of whether paid for or used
for free. Indeed disclaims any responsibility or liability for the accuracy,
content, completeness or reliability of information provided by Indeed for
informational purposes only, including but not limited to, Indeed Analytics
data like estimated applies or organic traffic, and salary information. You
acknowledge you are not paying Indeed for the aforementioned information.
Indeed disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, mis-
delivery, or untimely delivery of any information, emails or material
(including User Content). Indeed further disclaims any responsibility for any
harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on
the Site or on other sites or services on the Internet accessed through the
Site. Under no circumstances shall Indeed be liable to you or any third party
on account of your use or misuse of or reliance on the Site. Additionally,
under no circumstances shall Indeed be liable to you or any third party on
account of your use or misuse of or reliance on any third party site or
service you link to from Indeed’s Site.

Indeed further disclaims all liability for any technical malfunction of the
Site, including but not limited to failure of any telephone network or
service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone
equipment, software, failure of email delivery, account login, or any other
Services provided by Indeed as a result of technical problems or traffic
congestion on the Internet or any third party website or combination thereof,
including injury or damage to your or to any other person’s computer, mobile
device or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from using or
downloading any Content in connection with the Site or Services.  Under no
circumstances will Indeed be responsible for any loss or damage to any content
or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone’s use of the Site,
Services, User Content, or third party applications, websites, software or
content posted on or through the Site or transmitted to users or any
interactions between users of the Site or Services, whether online or offline.

THE SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, ADVICE, JOB LISTINGS, CAREER GUIDE,
USER CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE
PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND
THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY,
RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS,
INFORMATION, ADVICE, JOB LISTINGS, USER CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE. INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR
THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED
THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS MADE AVAILABLE
BY INDEED.

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR
DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU
WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF
DATA THAT RESULTS FROM DOWNLOADING OR OBTAINING ANY SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA.

9\. Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL INDEED OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR THIRD-
PARTY LICENSORS, BE LIABLE TO ANY USER ON ACCOUNT OF THAT USER’S USE OR MISUSE
OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SITE. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO
PREVENT RECOVERY OF INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), INDEMNITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INDEED OR ITS
AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER THE
DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF AND RELIANCE ON THE SITE, FROM RELIANCE OR
DAMAGE CAUSED BY INFORMATION POSTED ON THE SITE, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE
SITE, OR FROM THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION OF THE SITE
(INCLUDING SUCH DAMAGES INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES). THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO
APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS
RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS MADE
AVAILABLE ON THE SITE. THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
TO THE COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS, OR
LOST DATA. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL FURTHER APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE
OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR MERCHANDISE THAT APPEARS
ON, OR IS LINKED OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO, THE SITE. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL
APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY,
AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF INDEED AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND
THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE
LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID INDEED TO USE THE SITE.

Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Indeed or its
affiliates, or its or their third-party licensors, be liable for any delay or
failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature,
forces, or causes beyond its or their reasonable control, including, without
limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication
equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures,
strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages
of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of God, war,
governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-
performance of third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or
air conditioning.

10\. Claims of Infringement

U.S. Copyright Infringement. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the
“DMCA“) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material
appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If
you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Indeed infringe your
copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the
material be removed, or access to it blocked. The notice must include the
following information as required by 17 USC. § 512(c)(3)(A): (a) a physical or
electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the
copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple copyrighted
works located on the site are covered by a single notification, a
representative list of such works); (c) identification of the material that is
claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and
information reasonably sufficient to allow Indeed to locate the material on
the site; (d) the name, address, telephone number, and email address (if
available) of the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining
party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner
complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and
under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. If you
believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly
filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send Indeed a counter-notice.
Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements
imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright/ for details. Notices
and counter-notices with respect to the Site should be sent in writing to
Indeed Copyright Notice, 6433 Champion Grandview Way, Building 1, Austin, TX,
78750, USA (copyright @ indeed.com) (remove spaces when sending email). We
suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-
notice. Also, be aware that there are penalties for false claims under the
DMCA.

Other Claims of Infringement. For claims of infringement that do not involve a
U.S. copyright, please contact us via our Site contact form.

11\. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution

If you are a Job Seeker: this Agreement and any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement (“Dispute”) will be governed as to all matters,
including, but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of
this Agreement, by and under the laws of the State of Texas, United States of
America, if you are located in the United States, or the laws of Republic of
Ireland, if you are located elsewhere, without giving effect to conflicts of
law principles thereof. Any and all actions, lawsuits, or other legal
proceedings related to such Dispute shall be filed only in courts located in
Travis County, Texas, U.S.A., if you are located in the United States, or
Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere. Each of the Parties hereby
consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal or state courts
located in Travis County, Texas, U.S.A, if you are located in the United
States of America, or Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere.

As of July 1, 2017, the following clause will go into effect: [You also hereby
waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any action or litigation in
any way arising out of or related to your use of the Site or these terms of
service, if you are located in the United States.]

If you are an Employer: this Agreement and any Dispute arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement will be governed as to all matters, including,
but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of this
Agreement, by and under the laws of Federative Republic of Brazil, if you are
located in Brazil; the laws of the Republic of India, if you are located in
India; the laws of the State of Texas, if you are located in the United
States; the laws of the Republic of Singapore, if you are located in the Asia-
Pacific Region*; or the laws of the Republic of Ireland, if you are located
elsewhere, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles thereof. Any
and all actions, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings related to such Dispute
shall be filed only in courts located in: São Paulo, state of São Paulo,
Brazil if you are located in Brazil; Bangalore, state of Karnataka, India if
you are located in India; Travis County, Texas, U.S.A., if you are located in
the United States; The Republic of Singapore, if you are located in the Asia-
Pacific Region*; or Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere. Each of the
Parties hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts
located in: São Paulo, state of São Paulo, Brazil if you are located in
Brazil; Bangalore, state of Karnataka, India if you are located in India;
Travis County, Texas, U.S.A., if you are located in the United States; The
Republic of Singapore, if you are located in the Asia-Pacific Region*; or
Dublin, Ireland, if you are located elsewhere.

12\. Class Action Waiver

By using the Site and in return for the services offered by Indeed, you
acknowledge that Indeed can only offer you these services under the terms and
conditions as presented herein. As partial consideration for your use of the
Site and these services, you (either an Employer or Job Seeker) agree not to
sue Indeed as a class plaintiff or class representative, join as a class
member, or participate as an adverse party in any way in a class-action
lawsuit against Indeed regarding your use of the Site. Additionally, as a Job
Seeker, your use of the Site is at no charge and you acknowledge that part of
the price you are paying to use this Site is your acceptance of these terms of
service including this Class Action Waiver. If you do not agree to any part of
these terms, do not continue your use of the Site. Nothing in this paragraph,
however, limits your rights to bring a lawsuit as an individual plaintiff,
including in small claims court, subject to section 11 above.

13\. Filtering

We hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer
hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may
assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.
Information identifying current providers of such protections is available
from GetNetWise (http://www.getnetwise.org/) and OnGuard Online
(http://onguardonline.gov/). Please note that Company does not endorse any of
the products or services listed on such sites.

14\. Information or Complaints

If you have a question or complaint regarding the Site, please use our Indeed
Help Center. When you use the Indeed Help Center, you are accessing a third
party site Zendesk and consent to receiving cookies from Zendesk, as set forth
in their cookie policy. Please note that communications within Zendesk will
not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card
information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with
us. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the
Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs
by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at
(916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

15\. Miscellaneous

This Agreement (including the Indeed Ads Program Terms, Indeed Resume Program
Terms, Indeed Mobolt Terms, Indeed Prime Terms and Indeed Targeted Ads Terms
incorporated herein, if applicable to you) constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements,
written or oral, regarding such subject matter. In the event of any
irreconcilable conflict between this Agreement and the Indeed Ads Program
Terms, Indeed Resume Program Terms, Indeed Mobolt Terms, Indeed Prime Terms
and Indeed Targeted Ads Terms (if applicable to you), the Indeed Ads Program
Terms, Indeed Resume Program Terms, Indeed Mobolt Terms, Indeed Prime Terms
and Indeed Targeted Ads Terms will govern with respect to the Indeed Ads
Program, Indeed Resume Program, Indeed Mobolt, Indeed Prime and Indeed
Targeted Ads, respectively, and the Agreement will otherwise govern. Any
waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in writing
and signed by Indeed. This Agreement, together with any amendments and any
additional agreements you may enter into with Indeed in connection with the
Site, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Indeed concerning
the Site. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of
competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the
validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in
full force and effect. You agree that this Agreement cannot be altered,
amended, modified or overridden, except by a document signed by an authorized
representative of each party. For the avoidance of doubt, email or phone
communication between you and an Indeed employee shall not constitute an
amendment or alteration of this Agreement.

By accessing or using the Site, you signify your assent to this Agreement and
agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S.
export and re-export control laws and regulations, copyright laws and other
laws regarding intellectual property. You represent, warrant and covenant that
you are not (a) located in, or a resident or a national of, any country
subject to a U.S. government embargo or other restriction, or that has been
designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; (b) on
any of the U.S. government lists of restricted end users. The materials on the
Site are provided with “Restricted Rights.” Use, duplication, or disclosure by
the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and
regulations. Use of the materials by the Government constitutes acknowledgment
of Indeed’s proprietary rights in them.

You understand and acknowledge that Indeed or its affiliates, or its or their
licensors, owns all right title and interest to the Site and all proprietary
rights associated therewith. Indeed reserves all rights not specifically
granted herein. You shall not modify any copyright notices, proprietary
legends, any trademark and service mark attributions, any patent markings, or
other indicia of ownership on the materials accessed through the Site, other
than your User Content. Any use of materials or descriptions, any derivative
use of the Site or its materials, and any use of data mining, robots, or
similar data gathering and extraction tools is strictly prohibited. In no
event may you frame any portion of the Site or any materials contained
therein.

Change of Address: If you have provided a billing address to us, and you
change such billing address from an address within the United States to an
address outside the United States, or from an address outside of the United
States to an address inside the United States, you will continue to be bound
by this Agreement with the same Indeed party for the remainder of the calendar
month in which you made the change. Beginning on the first day of the next
calendar month, you hereby agree that you will be bound by this Agreement with
the applicable Indeed party identified in the first paragraph of this
Agreement with respect to such new territory.

Any notices to Indeed must be sent to the applicable Indeed entity identified
in the first paragraph of this Agreement via certified first class or air mail
or overnight courier, are deemed given upon receipt, and must reference the
Program that is the subject of the notice (i.e., Indeed Ads Program, Indeed
Resume Program, Indeed MoBolt or Indeed Publisher Program). Notice to you may
be effected by sending email to the email address specified in your account,
or by posting a message to your account interface, and is deemed received when
sent (for email) or no more than fifteen (15) days after having been posted
(for messages in your Indeed Ads interface).

You may not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder
without Indeed’s prior written consent and any such attempt is void. Indeed
may freely assign or delegate its rights and obligations hereunder without
notice to you. Additionally, Indeed may assign any agreement between you and
Indeed to any related Indeed entity by informing you of such assignment.
Indeed and you are not legal partners or agents, but are independent
contractors.

16\. Apple-Specific Terms

In addition to your agreement with the foregoing terms and conditions, and
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the following provisions
apply with respect to your use of any mobile application version of the Site
compatible with the iOS operating system of Apple Inc. (“Apple”, and such
mobile application, the “App”). Apple is not a party to this Agreement and
does not own and is not responsible for the App. Apple is not providing any
warranty for the App except, if applicable, to refund the purchase price for
it. Apple is not responsible for maintenance or other support services for the
App and shall not be responsible for any other claims, losses, liabilities,
damages, costs or expenses with respect to the App, including any third-party
product liability claims, claims that the App fails to conform to any
applicable legal or regulatory requirement, claims arising under consumer
protection or similar legislation, and claims with respect to intellectual
property infringement. Any inquiries or complaints relating to the use of the
App, including those pertaining to intellectual property rights, must be
directed to Indeed in accordance with the “Information or Complaints” section
above. The license you have been granted herein is limited to a non-
transferable license to use the App on an Apple-branded product that runs
Apple’s iOS operating system and is owned or controlled by you, or as
otherwise permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of
Service. In addition, you must comply with the terms of any third-party
agreement applicable to you when using the App, such as your wireless data
service agreement. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party
beneficiaries of this Agreement and, upon your acceptance of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, will have the right (and will be deemed to have
accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third-party
beneficiary thereof; notwithstanding the foregoing, Indeed’s right to enter
into, rescind or terminate any variation, waiver or settlement under this
Agreement is not subject to the consent of any third party.

17. The Indeed Apps

By using any of the Indeed Apps, including but not limited to the Indeed Job
Search, Indeed Resume Search, Indeed Employer, Indeed Job Spotter or others,
you agree that all of the terms and conditions found herein apply to your use
of the Indeed App.  Additionally, you agree that the Indeed App may send you
push notifications, if you turn on receipt of notifications and/or sign up to
receive notifications.  By downloading and using the Indeed App, you are
asking Indeed to make formatting changes to any Job Listings as they appear on
your phone, in order to enable you to utilize your Indeed Resume.  You further
acknowledge that your use of the Indeed Apps may require use of your data plan
from your cellular provider.  You are responsible for payment of all data
usage accrued based on your use of the Indeed App, and Indeed disclaims all
responsibility for such data usage. In addition, if you allow Indeed Apps to
utilize location services, the Indeed Apps may suggest to you and collect from
you certain information based on your geographic location.

18\. Use of Site by Minors

The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of fourteen (14), but if
you are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, you
must use Indeed under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian, or
responsible adult.

## B. Indeed Resume/CV Program Terms

These Indeed Resume Program Terms or Indeed CV Program Terms (collectively,
“IRP Terms”) form a part of, and are incorporated into, the Indeed Terms of
Service (the “Agreement”), and apply to any Employer that accesses or uses the
Indeed Resume Program, or that otherwise indicates its acceptance of these
Indeed Resume Program Terms.

Any capitalized terms that are used but not defined in these IRP Terms have
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

1\. The Program

Use of the Indeed Resume Program (“Program”) by an individual who posts his or
her resume on the Site (hereinafter, “Resume Owner”) or Employer on or through
the Site is subject to all applicable Indeed best-practice guidelines,
policies and other terms and conditions made available to you, including
through the Site, which may be modified at any time. You shall not use any
information obtained from the Site except for internal use in selecting and
contacting Resume Owners, through Indeed, for purposes of filling your Job
Listings. You are expressly forbidden from using any product or system
intended to extract the information from a Resume, in order to circumvent the
Resume contact system. Use of such system will result in your immediate
termination from the Program. In addition, as a feature of the IRP, Indeed may
send emails to Job Seekers on your behalf indicating that your Job Listing is
potentially a match for the Job Seeker’s resume.

IMPORTANT NOTICE : YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT: in purchasing or obtaining access
to the Program, you agree to pay to Indeed the amount indicated on the Site so
that Indeed will facilitate your sending of a message, indicating your
interest, to the email address that the relevant resume submitter has provided
to Indeed. Indeed does not guarantee that the email address is still in use,
that such message will be received, that such message will be read, that such
message will be acted upon by any potential Resume Owner, or that any Resume
Owner’s resume is valid, accurate or complete in any respect. In addition, in
accord with the Agreement, you expressly agree that Indeed does not allow its
Resume Contact service to be used in a spam like manner, which Indeed defines
as sending requests for job positions to persons who are, as indicated by
Indeed experience and Resume Owner behavior and reaction, unsuited for the
role. Indeed reserves the right to disable Indeed Resume contact service for
any user who, in Indeed’s sole discretion, violates these IRP Terms, including
the foregoing term. We reserve the right to drop any message with an .ade,
.adp, .bat, .chm, .cmd, .com, .cpl, .exe, .hta, .ins, .isp, .jar, .jse, .lib,
.lnk, .mde, .msc, .msp, .mst, .pif, .scr, .sct, .shb, .sys, .vb, .vbe, .vbs,
.vxd, .wsc, .wsf, .wsh, or .zip attachment for any or no reason. The only
acceptable use of the IRP is for you to contact a Resume Owner through Indeed
regarding a Job Listing or potential employment. No other uses of the IRP are
permitted. Scraping the Indeed Resume database or using the Indeed Resume
database for any other purpose except as allowed will result in legal action
being taken against you.

In the event phone numbers are provided by the Job Seeker in the resume,
Indeed does not guarantee their validity and can not confirm whether such
numbers are landlines or cell phones. You agree to call Job Seekers regarding
relevant job opportunities only. It is your sole responsibility to comply with
all TCPA guidelines, including laws against automated telephone dialing
systems.

2\. Cancellation

Once you have requested that Indeed contact a Resume Owner, you may not revoke
such request.

3\. Your Information

You represent and warrant that all information you provide to Indeed is
correct and current. You represent to Indeed that you are an Employer
interested in considering the Resume Owner as a potential employee.

4\. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

INDEED’S PROVISION OF THE PROGRAM AND THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INDEED
AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
WARRANTY THAT ANY EMAIL ADDRESS THAT HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO INDEED IS VALID,
THAT ANY EMAIL SENT BY INDEED AT YOUR REQUEST WILL REACH THE INTENDED
RECIPIENT, THAT ANY INTENDED RECIPIENT OF ANY SUCH EMAIL WILL READ SUCH EMAIL,
OR THAT ANY SUCH INTENDED RECIPIENT WILL ACT UPON SUCH EMAIL. INDEED AND ITS
AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL
OTHER WARRANTIES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

EXCEPT FOR AMOUNTS PAYABLE PURSUANT TO SECTION 6 HEREUNDER AND FOR ANY BREACH
BY YOU OF SECTION 1, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (a) NEITHER PARTY
WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THESE IRP TERMS FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY; AND
(b) EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER UNDER THESE IRP TERMS IS
LIMITED TO AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO INDEED BY YOU FOR THE INDEED RESUME
SERVICE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

5\. Payment

You shall be charged if, and as, indicated by the Site. If your billing
address is in the United States, you shall pay all charges in US Dollars. If
your billing address is in India, you may only pay all charges in Indian
Rupees. If your billing address is in Brazil, you may only pay all charges in
Brazilian Reais. If your billing address is in the Asia-Pacific Region*, you
may only pay all charges in Singapore Dollars, Australian Dollars, Japanese
and US Dollars. If your billing address is anywhere else, you may pay all
charges in the following currencies, which you choose when creating an
account: US Dollars, Euros, UK Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars,
Swiss Francs, or Japanese Yen. Charges are exclusive of taxes, including VAT.
You will be charged all taxes as applicable and appropriate. You are
responsible for paying (y) all taxes and government charges, and (z)
reasonable expenses and attorney fees Indeed incurs collecting late amounts.
If you are in Japan, Japanese consumption tax will apply on the import of all
Indeed products and services. You waive all claims relating to charges unless
claimed within 60 days after the charge (this does not affect your credit card
issuer rights). Refunds (if any) are at the absolute discretion of Indeed and
only in the form of credit for Indeed services. You acknowledge and agree that
any credit card and related billing and payment information that you provide
to Indeed may be shared by Indeed with companies who work on Indeed’s behalf,
such as payment processors and/or credit agencies, solely for the purposes of
checking credit, effecting payment to Indeed and servicing your account.
Indeed may also provide information in response to valid legal process, such
as subpoenas, search warrants and court orders, or to establish or exercise
its legal rights or defend against legal claims. Indeed shall not be liable
for any use or disclosure of such information by such third parties. All
withholding tax remittances to the government are your sole responsibility and
Indeed shall have no liability whatsoever therefor. Invoices may be provided
to you via electronic mail.

6\. Indemnification

You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indeed, its agents, affiliates,
and licensors from any third-party claim or liability (including without
limitation reasonable legal fees) arising out of any contact you have with the
recipient (or intended recipient), any email you request to be sent pursuant
to these IRP Terms, or any phone call or text message you make to a recipient.

## C. Indeed Ads Program Terms

These Indeed Ads Program Terms (“IAP Terms”) form a part of, and are
incorporated into, the Indeed Terms of Service (the “Agreement”), and apply to
any Employer who accesses or uses the Indeed Ads Program, or who otherwise
indicates its acceptance of these Indeed Ads Program Terms.

Any capitalized terms that are used but not defined in these IAP Terms have
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

1\. The Program

Use of the Indeed Ads Program (“Program”) on or through the Site is subject to
all applicable Indeed terms and policies, including without limitation the
Indeed Privacy Policy (http://www.indeed.com/legal#privacy) and those
instructions provided on the Website, if you are using the Ads Program,
through our on-line forms. Indeed policies may be modified at any time. With
regards to any job advertisements posted on Indeed, either for payment or
posted for free and including jobs provided to Indeed via an XML feed (“Job
Listings” or “Job Ads”), you agree that you are solely responsible for all:
(a) ad or job content (including Job Listings and screener questions) and
target URLs (“Creative”), including but not limited to photograph(s) you
provide to Indeed, whether generated by or for you; and (b) websites
proximately reachable from Creative URLs and your services and products
(collectively “Your Services”). You shall protect your passwords and take full
responsibility for your own, and third party, use of your accounts. Job Ads
may be placed on (y) any content or property provided by Indeed (“Indeed
Property”), and (z) any other content or property provided by a third party
(“Partner”) upon which Indeed places Job Ads or provides search results of Job
Listings (“Partner Property”). Distribution within Indeed’s Partner Properties
does not guarantee performance or placement of Job Ads, and distribution may
vary depending on demand, industry, sponsorship, and other considerations. You
shall direct only to Indeed any communications regarding Job Ads on Partner
Properties. By posting a Job Ad, including by XML feed, on Indeed: (i) you
authorize Indeed to reformat and host the Job Ad to be effectively displayed
on a mobile device and (ii) you authorize Indeed to reformat and host the Job
Ad on an Indeed hosted page so it can be displayed more effectively on Indeed
or its publisher network. All dashboards will reflect the total click count,
including the clicks on the Indeed reformatted and hosted page. In the event
you provide Indeed with an End Date beyond which your Job Ad shall not run,
thirty days before such End Date Indeed may add a label (such as “Urgent”,
“Urgently Hiring” or similar) next to the word “Sponsored” on the search
results page where your Job Ad is displayed. Indeed may use words or phrases
interchangeably (for example, “Ad”, “Urgently Hiring”, “Sponsored”, “Urgent”
or similar) to constitute an advertisement on Indeed. Job Ads posted directly
on Indeed may no longer appear on the Site after a certain period of time; in
some cases, these Job Ads may need to be sponsored in order to remain visible
or become visible again. However, Job Ads indexed by Indeed will expire after
a certain period of time and Indeed is unable to restore their visibility.
Indeed may offer certain Employers who sponsor Job Ads the opportunity to be
displayed more prominently on the Site (“Featured Employer”). Featured
Employer is awarded at Indeed’s sole discretion. The ability to receive
Featured Employer, generally, is a function of both the number of open jobs at
your company and how much you spend. The Featured Employer program may be
changed or removed by Indeed at any time, at Indeed’s sole discretion. When
you post a Job Ad directly on Indeed, Indeed may automatically generate for
you a Company Page. You authorize Indeed to claim such Company Page for you on
your behalf, which will be marked as a “Claimed Profile” and allows you to
edit and add information to the Company Page. Company Pages allow User Content
to be posted by individuals that may not be affiliated with the Company who
owns the Company Page, including but not limited to the answers to Q&amp;A
questions on Company Pages. Additionally, Indeed may include all of your Job
Ads posted on the Site on your Company Page, including but not limited to
those posted directly on Indeed as well as those indexed by Indeed.

2\. Cancellation

Unless otherwise stated in an Insertion Order or other agreement to advertise
with Indeed, you may independently cancel online any advertisement at any time
(such cancellation is generally effective within 24 hours). Indeed may
immediately cancel the Program or these IAP Terms at any time upon notice.
Indeed may modify the Program or these IAP Terms at any time without liability
and your use of the Program after notice that these IAP Terms have changed
indicates acceptance of the updated IAP Terms. Sections 1, 3, 4, 5 and 6 will
survive any expiration or termination of these IAP Terms.

3\. Prohibited Uses

You shall not, and shall not authorize any party to: (a) generate automated,
fraudulent or otherwise invalid impressions or clicks; or (b) advertise
anything illegal or engage in any illegal or fraudulent business practice in
any state or country where your advertisement is displayed. You represent and
warrant that (x) all your information is correct and current; (y) you hold and
grant Indeed and Partners all rights to copy, distribute and display Creative
(“Use”); and (z) such Use and websites linked from your Jobs Ads (including
Your Services therein) will not violate or encourage violation of any
applicable laws. Violation of these policies may result in immediate
termination of these IAP Terms or your account without notice, and may subject
you to legal penalties and consequences. Indeed or Partners may reject or
remove any Job Ad, and Indeed may disable any Employer’s account, for any or
no reason without notice. For examples of why Indeed may reject such Job Ads
from Employers, refer to the Job Posting Guidelines. Indeed may require
certain Job Ads to be sponsored in order to verify the legitimacy of the Job
Ad and/or the Employer, and to prevent abuse of the free to post system. This
may include limiting the number of Job Ads you are allowed to post at a given
time without sponsoring, in Indeed’s sole discretion. This requirement may be
made in Indeed’s sole discretion. For example, we may require you to sponsor
the following types of Job Ads: identical jobs posted in multiple locations,
jobs posted with a confidential or generic company name, jobs that are
commission only, and any other jobs as determined by Indeed. Additionally,
Indeed may choose not to accept an employer’s XML feed or any Job Ads in an
XML feed for any or no reason. If you are a job board, Indeed reserves the
right to include or reject any or all of your Job Ads. For examples of why
Indeed may stop accepting such Job Ads from job boards, refer to the Job Board
Inclusion Guidelines. As a job board, you may only post Job Ads on the Site
for your own company; you may not post Job Ads on the Site for your clients
and if you do or attempt to do so, Indeed reserves the right to disable your
account. You acknowledge that inclusion of jobs in violation of these
guidelines on the Indeed Site may harm Indeed and its users. When you create
an Indeed account, Indeed may require that you verify your identity through a
third party service called NetVerify. By using NetVerify, you are submitting
your identification documents for verification directly to NetVerify, you are
agreeing to share your identification with NetVerify, and you agree that
NetVerify is solely responsible for any use or loss of data. Indeed may have
access to your identification documents via NetVerify.

4\. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

INDEED’S PROVISION OF THE PROGRAM AND THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INDEED
AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR NON-
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE. Indeed and its
affiliates, and its and their third-party licensors, disclaim all guarantees
regarding positioning or the levels or timing of: (i) costs per click, (ii)
click through rates, (iii) delivery of any impressions on any Partner Property
or Indeed Property or sections of such properties, (iv) clicks, (v)
conversions for any Creative, or (vi) interest in your Job Listing. A CLICK ON
YOUR JOB LISTING DOES NOT GUARANTEE INTEREST IN SUCH JOB LISTING. EXCEPT FOR
AMOUNTS PAYABLE PURSUANT TO SECTION 6 HEREUNDER, AND FOR ANY BREACH BY YOU OF
SECTION 1, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (a) NEITHER PARTY WILL BE
LIABLE UNDER THESE IAP TERMS FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY; AND
(b) EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER UNDER THESE IAP TERMS IS
LIMITED TO AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO INDEED BY YOU FOR THE JOB ADS GIVING
RISE TO THE CLAIM.

5\. Payment

You shall be charged based on click count, regardless of whether you set a
total budget. If you are located in the United States, you shall pay all
charges in US dollars. If your billing address is in India, you may only pay
all charges in Indian Rupees. If your billing address is in Brazil, you may
only pay all charges in Brazilian Reais. If your billing address is in the
Asia-Pacific Region*, you may only pay all charges in Singapore Dollars,
Australian Dollars, Japanese Yen, and US Dollars. If your billing address is
anywhere else, you may pay all charges in the following currencies, which you
choose when creating an account: US Dollars, Euros, UK Pounds, Canadian
Dollars, Australian Dollars, Swiss Francs, or Japanese Yen. Charges are
exclusive of all taxes, including VAT. You will be charged all taxes as
applicable and appropriate. You are responsible for paying (y) all taxes and
government charges, and (z) reasonable expenses and attorney fees Indeed
incurs collecting late amounts. If you are in Japan, Japanese consumption tax
will apply on the import of all Indeed products and services. You waive all
claims relating to charges unless claimed within 60 days after the charge
(this does not affect your credit card issuer rights). Charges are solely
based on Indeed’s click measurements. Indeed’s determination of click count
shall be binding. Refunds (if any) are at the absolute discretion of Indeed
and only in the form of advertising credit for Indeed Property. If you are
removed from Indeed, but have previously spent on Indeed, you are not entitled
to a refund of previously spent amounts. You acknowledge and agree that any
credit card and related billing and payment information that you provide to
Indeed may be shared by Indeed with companies who work on Indeed’s behalf,
such as payment processors and/or credit agencies, solely for the purposes of
checking credit, effecting payment to Indeed and servicing your account.
Indeed may also provide information in response to valid legal process, such
as subpoenas, search warrants and court orders, or to establish or exercise
its legal rights or defend against legal claims. Indeed shall not be liable
for any use or disclosure of such information by such third parties. All
withholding tax remittances to the government are your sole responsibility and
Indeed shall have no liability whatsoever therefor. Invoices may be provided
to you via electronic mail. To the extent permitted by law, if you have an
unpaid or outstanding invoice or account balance for any Indeed product,
Indeed reserves the right to suspend or terminate your use of that Indeed
product as well as any other Indeed product, including but not limited to
those Indeed product where you do not have an unpaid invoice or account
balance.

6\. Indemnification

You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indeed, its agents, affiliates,
licensors, and Partners from any third party claim or liability (including
without limitation reasonable legal fees) arising out of your Program use,
Creative, site or Your Services, or breach of these IAP Terms.

## D. Indeed Publisher Program Terms

Last Updated: March 2, 2017

These Indeed Publisher Program Terms (“IPP Terms”) apply to any Publisher that
accesses or uses the Indeed Publisher Program, or that otherwise indicates its
acceptance of these IPP Terms.

These IPP Terms are between You and Indeed, Inc., 6433 Champion Grandview Way,
Building 1, Austin, TX, 78750, USA, and set out the terms and conditions
applicable to your participation in the Indeed Publisher Program (the
“Program”) and, along with Indeed Terms of Service, use of or access to
Indeed’s online and/or mobile services and websites, and software provided by
or on behalf of Indeed on or in connection with such services or websites
(collectively, the “Site”). Any references to “Indeed” shall mean Indeed, Inc.
The Program, as generally offered by Indeed, is described on
https://www.indeed.com/publisher or such other URL as Indeed may provide from
time to time. “You” or “Publisher” means any entity identified in an
enrollment form submitted by the same or affiliated persons, and/or any agency
or network acting on its (or their) behalf, which shall also be bound by these
IPP Terms.

These IPP Terms hereby incorporate by this reference any additional terms and
conditions posted by Indeed through the Site, or otherwise made available to
you by Indeed, including the Indeed Terms of Service.

Indeed shall have absolute discretion as to whether or not it accepts a
particular applicant or site for participation in the Program or any part
thereof. Publishers are ineligible to participate if their web properties do
not conform with the terms of the Indeed Affiliate Acceptable Use Policy,
located online at AAUP (the “AAUP”). In order to participate as a publisher in
the Program, all participants must be at least eighteen years of age.
Applicants represent and warrant that all information submitted to Indeed
shall be true, accurate and complete.

1\. Publisher Obligations

Any job search results, JobrollTM, Job Search Box, pay-per-click
advertisements, links, insertion code, and any Indeed logos or other elements
supplied by Indeed for use on Affiliates’ websites or websites co-branded by
Indeed and Affiliate (collectively, “Program Elements”) may only appear on
URLs that Indeed has reviewed and accepted for participation (“Accepted
URLs”). However, please note that as of March 3, 2017, Job Search Box, links
and insertion code will only be available to Publishers already a part of the
IPP, and as of March 31, 2017, Job Search Box, links and insertion code will
no longer be available through IPP. Publisher shall advise Indeed of any
changes in the type of content accessible at any such accepted URL. Publisher
agrees to comply with the specifications provided by Indeed from time to time
to enable proper delivery, display, tracking and reporting of Program
Elements.

Publisher shall label each displayed Program Element with the phrase “Jobs by
Indeed” at least 116 X 23 pixels in size, wherein the word “Jobs” shall be
hyperlinked to http://www.indeed.com or other Indeed website as agreed with
Indeed and the word “Indeed” shall be the Indeed Logo Image and shall also be
hyperlinked to http://www.indeed.com or other Indeed website as agreed by
Indeed. The Indeed Logo Image can be found at:
http://www.indeed.com/p/jobsearch.gif.

Publisher agrees to abide by all terms of the AAUP. Indeed reserves the right
in its sole discretion to suspend Publisher’s participation in the Program if
it suspects any violations of the AAUP. Publisher hereby agrees to defend,
indemnify and hold Indeed harmless from and against any claims, demands,
liabilities, expenses, losses, damages and attorney fees arising from or
relating to a violation or purported violation by Publisher of the AAUP. The
foregoing shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies that
Indeed may have as a result of a violation of the AAUP by Publisher. In
addition, under no circumstances may Publisher impersonate or act as Indeed on
any site, including, but not limited to, on third party sites.

Publisher hereby grants Indeed permission to refer to Publisher and its
websites in Indeed’s marketing materials, wherever such marketing materials
shall appear.

2\. Payments to Publisher

Publisher shall receive a commission payment with respect to valid clicks
received (as determined solely by Indeed) in relation to Program Elements
displayed on Accepted URLs. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, IN EACH CASE, THE
AMOUNT OF SUCH COMMISSION PAYMENT WILL BE DETERMINED SOLELY BY INDEED, IN ITS
SOLE DISCRETION. You also acknowledge and agree that any billing and payment
information that you provide to Indeed may be shared by Indeed with companies
who work on Indeed’s behalf, such as payment processors, solely for the
purposes of effecting payment to You and servicing your account. Publisher
shall not be compensated for any transactions generated by Publisher or any
party acting on Publisher’s behalf. In addition, Indeed shall not be obligated
to pay for any artificial and/or fraudulent impressions or clicks as
determined by Indeed or if Publisher is in breach of these IPP Terms. In
addition and not in limitation to the above, Publisher shall refund the share
of that revenue paid to Publisher, if caused by artificial or fraudulent
impressions. These IPP Terms may not be amended, except in writing, in a
separate document specifically referencing these terms, and signed by
representatives of both parties. Email exchanges shall not amend these IPP
Terms. No dashboard or any other view of any click count shall be considered
as contractually binding on Indeed.

3\. Qualifying Links

As of March 3, 2017, the below portion of the IPP will no longer be available
to any new Publisher. As of March 31, 2017, the below portion of the IPP will
no longer be available to any Publisher, including existing Publishers who are
part of the IPP.

[Publisher may earn a commission, as determined by Indeed in its sole
discretion, if Publisher refers a Qualified User (as defined below) to the
Indeed Website via a Qualifying Link (as defined below) and if such Qualified
User has accessed the Indeed Website and purchased a qualifying product or
service (“Qualifying Purchase”) during a Session (as defined below). Not all
services or products will be eligible as a Qualifying Purchase under the
Program, and Qualifying Purchases are determined in Indeed’s sole discretion.
Indeed is under no obligation to pay any particular amount for any referral
and it is in Indeed’s absolute discretion to determine for how long a period
of time it shall pay this commission after the date the Qualified User
initially arrives at Indeed via a Qualifying Link from the Publisher’s
Publisher Property (“Initial Contact’). No payments under this program shall
be any indication of future payments under this program.

A “Qualifying Link” is a link directing a Qualified User from Publisher’s
website or online property (“Publisher Property”) to Indeed using a Program
Element provided by Indeed for use with the Program. A “Session” is the period
of time beginning when a Qualified User initially arrives at Indeed via a
Qualifying Link from the Publisher’s Publisher Property (“Initial Contact”),
and ending at Indeed’s absolute discretion. For avoidance of doubt, Publisher
acknowledges that a Session will not commence unless cookies are enabled on
the Customer’s device or computer in a manner that enables Indeed to fully
attribute actions of Qualified User to Publisher’s Qualifying Link. A
“Qualified User” is a user who has not previously registered with Indeed, has
not been previously “cookied” by Indeed and has not previously visited the
Indeed Site, all as determined by Indeed in its sole and absolute discretion.

The parties acknowledge and agree that Indeed shall have the sole right and
responsibility for processing all orders made by Qualified Users. Publisher
acknowledges that all agreements relating to sales to Qualified Users shall be
between Indeed and the Qualified User.]

As of March 31, 2017, the following will be the only available method for
participation in the IPP:

[Publisher may earn a commission, as determined by Indeed in its sole
discretion, if a user clicks on a Qualifying Link. A “Qualifying Link” is a
link directing a user from the Publisher’s website or online property
(“Publisher Property”) to a job using a Program Element provided by Indeed for
use with the Program, such as pay-per-click advertising, Jobroll™, or job
search results.]

Publisher shall not be entitled to commissions and shall reverse any
commissions already paid if Publisher is in breach of these IPP Terms or has
engaged in any fraudulent activity, including, but not limited to, cookie
stuffing, cloaking, or forcing pop-ups.The determination as to whether a sale
is made via a Qualifying Link, and whether a commission is payable, will be
made by Indeed in its sole and absolute discretion and is final and binding on
Publisher. Prices for the Qualifying Purchases will be set solely by Indeed in
its sole and absolute discretion.

4\. Terms of Payment

Indeed shall pay Publisher within 30 days of the end of each calendar quarter;
provided the amount owing to Publisher is at least one hundred US dollars
($100). If the amount owing to Publisher is less than $100, the balance will
carry over to subsequent calendar quarters until such time that the quarter-
end balance is at least one hundred US dollars ($100). Publisher is solely
responsible for providing and maintaining accurate contact and payment
information associated with Publisher Account. Indeed may withhold any and all
payment if Publisher is in breach of these IPP Terms and Indeed shall have no
further liability to Publisher.

5\. Termination

Either party may terminate these IPP Terms and participation in the Program at
any time by sending a notice by email to support-at-indeed dot com or other
email address specified by Indeed in the case of Indeed, and to the email
address specified in Publisher’s profile in the Program in the case of
Publisher.

Upon termination of a publisher from the Program, for any reason and by either
party, Publisher shall immediately remove all insertion codes and other
Program Elements from all pages of its websites.

6\. Confidentiality

Publisher shall not disclose Indeed Confidential Information without Indeed’s
prior written consent. “Indeed Confidential Information” includes without
limitation: (a) all Indeed software, technology, programming, specifications,
materials, guidelines and documentation relating to the Program; (b) click-
through rates or other performance statistics relating to the Program provided
to Publisher by Indeed; and (c) any other information designated in writing by
Indeed as “Confidential” or an equivalent designation.

7\. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

INDEED’S PROVISION OF THE PROGRAM AND PROGRAM ELEMENTS (THE “SERVICE”) AND THE
SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. INDEED AND ITS
AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR LICENSORS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER INDEED NOR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR
LICENSORS, MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE OR SITE WILL MEET
PUBLISHER’S REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE OR ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE
OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR SITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR
(iv) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE OR SITE WILL BE CORRECTED.

NEITHER INDEED NOR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR LICENSORS, SHALL BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR OTHER DAMAGES
INCURRED BY PUBLISHER FROM PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, WHETHER BASED IN
CONTRACT (INCLUDING FUNDAMENTAL BREACH), TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR
OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT SHALL INDEED’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF
FEES THEN DUE TO PUBLISHER AS DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THESE IPP TERMS.

8\. Miscellaneous

These IPP Terms (including the Indeed Terms of Service incorporated herein)
constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Indeed
Publisher Program and supersede and replace all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
Any waiver of any provision of these IPP Terms will be effective only if in
writing and signed by Indeed. These IPP Terms, together with any amendments
thereto and any additional agreements you may enter into with Indeed in
connection with the Site, shall constitute the entire agreement between you
and Indeed concerning the Site. In the event of any irreconcilable conflict
between these IPP Terms and the Indeed Terms of Service, these IPP Terms will
govern with respect to the Indeed Publisher Program, and the Indeed Terms of
Service will otherwise govern. If any provision of these IPP Terms is deemed
invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision
shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these IPP Terms,
which shall remain in full force and effect. These IPP Terms may not be
amended, except in writing, in a separate document specifically referencing
these terms, and signed by representatives of both parties. Email exchanges
shall not amend these IPP Terms.

Change of Address: If you have provided a billing address to us, and you
change such billing address from an address within the United States to an
address outside the United States, or from an address outside of the United
States to an address inside the United States, you will continue to be bound
by these IPP Terms with the same Indeed party for the remainder of the
calendar month in which you made the change. Beginning on the first day of the
next calendar month, you hereby agree that you will be bound by these IPP
Terms with the applicable Indeed party identified in the first paragraph of
these IPP Terms with respect to such new territory.

Any notices to Indeed must be sent to Indeed, Inc. via certified first class
or air mail or overnight courier, are deemed given upon receipt, and must
reference the Program that is the subject of the notice (i.e., Indeed Resume
Program, Indeed Ads Program, or Indeed Publisher Program). Notice to you may
be effected by sending email to the email address specified in your account,
or by posting a message to your account interface, and is deemed received when
sent (for email) or no more than fifteen (15) days after having been posted
(for messages in your Indeed Ads interface).

You may not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder
without Indeed’s prior written consent and any such attempt is void. Indeed
may freely assign or delegate its rights and obligations hereunder without
notice to you. Indeed and you are not legal partners or agents, but are
independent contractors.

These IPP Terms and any dispute arising out of or in connection with these IPP
Terms (“Dispute”) will be governed as to all matters, including, but not
limited to the validity, construction and performance of these IPP Terms, by
and under the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles thereof. Any and all actions,
lawsuits, or other legal proceedings related to such Dispute shall be filed
only in the federal or state courts located in Travis County, Texas, U.S.A.
Each of the Parties hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of
the federal or state courts located in Travis County, Texas, U.S.A.

## E. Indeed Prime Terms

Last Updated: December 21, 2016

These Indeed Prime Terms (“IP Terms”) form a part of, and are incorporated
into, the Indeed Terms of Service (the “Agreement”). By using Indeed Prime in
any way, or by registering as a Candidate or an Employer on Indeed Prime, you
agree to these Indeed Prime Terms and the Indeed Terms of Service.

Any capitalized terms that are used but not defined in these IP Terms have the
meaning set forth in the Agreement. The term “You” refers to the Candidate,
the Employer or the Referrer, as per the context of the sentence.

1\. Introduction

Indeed Prime is an online tool that allows Indeed Prime Employers
(“Employers”) to connect with Candidate Job Seekers (“Candidates”). The term
“Candidate” will refer to users of Indeed Prime who are seeking employment
opportunities through Indeed Prime. The term “Employer” will refer to a
company that is interested in hiring the Candidates through the Indeed Prime
online tool.

Users who wish to participate in Indeed Prime apply to Indeed to enter an
Indeed Prime Weekly Talent List of Candidates (“List”). Not all users who
apply to Indeed Prime will be accepted into the program as a Candidate. If
Indeed chooses a Candidate to participate in Indeed Prime, they are placed
into the List and they will remain in the List for such a time as determined
by Indeed, as per Indeed rules, as set forth below. Each week Employers who
are using the Indeed Prime tool are shown those relevant Candidates in the
List. Employers may choose to interview Candidates from the List and conduct a
hiring process with such Candidate if they wish. There is a charge for use of
this tool to the Employers, all as set forth below. There is no charge to
Candidates who are chosen from the List.

2\. Applying to Indeed Prime

Candidate:

In order to use Indeed Prime as a Candidate you must create an Indeed account
or login using your preexisting Indeed account, create a profile and apply.
When applying to Indeed Prime, we may require you to provide us with certain
information including, but not limited to, your name, email address, phone
number, skill set, salary requirements and geographic location. At this stage,
you will have the opportunity to block your profile from certain Employers. We
will use the information that you provide us during the application process to
determine whether you will be accepted into Indeed Prime. We may use a third
party vendor to help us review your application. We reserve the right, in our
sole discretion, to accept or reject your application to use Indeed Prime. If
you are accepted into Indeed Prime, we will notify you via email. Once you
have been accepted, a member of the Indeed Prime Talent Team (“Talent
Consultant”) may reach out to via the email address or phone number you
provided, and work with you to finalize your Candidate profile. The Talent
Consultant may continue to work with you throughout your time on Indeed Prime.

Employer:

In order to use Indeed Prime as an Employer you must also apply. Applying to
be an Employer is free. When applying we may ask you for additional
information related to your company, including but not limited to, your name,
email address, company URL, phone number and geographic location. We will
review the information that you provided to us during the application process
to determine whether you will be accepted into Indeed Prime. We reserve the
right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject your application to Indeed
Prime. If your application is accepted, you will be notified via email and
allowed to use the Indeed Prime online tool so as to engage with, and reach
out to Candidates that are available in the Indeed Prime List.

3\. Weekly Talent List

Candidates:

After a Candidate has applied and been accepted to Indeed Prime, he or she
will be placed into the List to be viewed by Employers using the Indeed Prime
tool. Employers will then have the opportunity to engage with Candidates in
the List. Candidates may receive emails from Employers informing them of their
interest in the Candidate, and providing them details about the job
solicitation. Indeed has no input into the Employer’s selection process. A
Candidate may, but is not required to, respond to any Employer that has
contacted him or her. All requests for interviews by Employers through Indeed
Prime do not guarantee a final job or job offer, or a job offer at any
particular salary.

A new Candidate may be highlighted as “new” in the Talent List. At the
conclusion of a certain number of weeks Indeed may remove any candidate on the
List, at any time, for any reason, at its sole discretion and, in such case,
the Candidate must reapply through its Talent Consultant for consideration to
be reentered into the List. The reapplication process is at Indeed’s sole
discretion, and not all re-applications will be granted.

Employers:

After an Employer’s application has been accepted by Indeed Prime, the
Employer will be able to utilize the Indeed Prime tool in order to browse the
Candidates in the List, communicate with these Candidates, and submit
interview requests to Candidates. Once an Employer has discovered a Candidate
on Indeed Prime, the Employer may make the contact with the Candidate through
the Indeed Prime tool. No contractual obligations are created for either the
Candidate or the Employer through the use of Indeed Prime. The Candidate is
not obligated to accept any offer provided to a Candidate from an Employer
that contacts them through Indeed Prime. Additionally, offers or interview
requests submitted by an Employer to a Candidate through Indeed Prime are not
binding on the Employer. Employer agrees that Indeed is entitled to publish
the details of all non-binding offers made and the identity of those parties
that have made such offers.

If an Employer is on the Pay-Per-Hire pricing model, the Employer agrees not
to attempt to circumvent Indeed Prime by independently attempting to make the
first contact with Candidate through alternative means after discovering the
Candidate on Indeed Prime.  Further, if the Employer can establish that it was
in Negotiation with regards to hiring with the Candidate prior to utilizing
the Prime tool, the Employer may be exempted from paying the Fee at the sole
discretion of Indeed. “Negotiation” shall mean at least one direct email sent
out by both parties, Candidate and Employer, specifically to the other and not
sent as part of a mass emailing, for the purpose of recruiting or hiring,
within the three (3) months prior to the Employer using the Prime tool, and
where no final decision to hire or reject a Candidate or to accept or reject
the Employer has been made. In the event an Employer is on the Pay-Per-Hire
pricing model and circumvents the Indeed Prime process after discovering a
candidate on Indeed Prime, or does not report a hire made through Indeed
Prime, and thereafter hires that candidate within six (6) months of the date
on which the Employer first viewed the candidate on Indeed Prime, Indeed Prime
shall be entitled to 25% of a Candidate’s annual or term salary (if the term
of hire is for less than one year) and all costs of collection of such amount,
including any legal fees.

Indeed’s Role:

Indeed does not act as an employment agent by providing the Indeed Prime
product. Indeed merely provides a tool enabling Candidates and Employers to
connect with each other. Candidates and Employers are solely responsible for
the information provided in any resume or profile, any requests for interviews
or offers made, any issues arising from an acceptance or denial of employment,
and any other issues arising from the use of Indeed Prime.

You understand that Indeed Prime does not inquire into the backgrounds of its
Candidates or Employers or attempt to verify the statements of its Candidates
or Employers, and that you are responsible for (1) conducting any background
checks, reference checks, or other due diligence that you may require before
making an offer of employment to a Candidate or accepting an offer of
employment from an Employer, and (2) complying with all laws and regulations
relating to the intended employment of any Candidate. If you are a Candidate,
you agree that any rights you have under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, any
corresponding state laws, or any similar laws regulating consumer or credit
reporting agencies in other countries may only be asserted against the
Employer.

Indeed is not a third party to or liable for any agreements between an
Employer and Candidate, regardless of whether or not Indeed receives a fee
from the Employer in connection with the transaction. Indeed will not be
liable for any costs or damages arising out of or related to such transaction.

4\. Rewards, Fees and Refunds

Candidates:

Indeed Prime is free for Candidates. Additionally, Indeed may determine, in
its sole discretion, that you are eligible for a reward if you accept an offer
of employment through Prime (“Candidate Reward”).  If you are a U.S. resident
and Indeed has determined you are eligible to receive a Candidate Reward, you
must provide Indeed with a valid and completed W-9 document and ACH form. If
you have not provided Indeed with a valid and completed W-9 and ACH form, you
will receive no Candidate Reward. If you are a U.K. resident, in order to
receive the Referral Reward, you must provide Indeed with your valid banking
details and HMRC Starter Checklist upon request. In addition, you must be a
U.S. resident (for tax purposes) for jobs located in the U.S., or a U.K.
resident for jobs located in the U.K., in order to receive the Candidate
Reward. All payments are gross amounts and you will be responsible for paying
all taxes on the award.

Referrals:

Indeed will offer “Referral Rewards” in the amount of $200 (USD) if in the
U.S. or in the amount of £150 (GBP) if in the U.K. to individuals who refer
(the “Referrer”) a Candidate and that Candidate is contacted by a company with
Indeed Prime. In addition, Indeed will offer “Referral Rewards” in the amount
of $2,000 (USD) if in the U.S. or in the amount of £1500 (GBP) if in the U.K.
to Referrers who refer a Candidate that has been selected by Indeed Prime and
has been hired through Indeed Prime, and has worked at their new company for
at least ninety days. In addition, the following limitations apply:

  1. To qualify, the referred party must have graduated from their last school or university at least one year prior to the referral.
  2. Limit 5 awards per calendar year to any one Referrer.
  3. You must be a US resident (for tax purposes) for jobs located in the U.S., or a U.K. resident for jobs located in the U.K.
  4. If you are a U.S. resident, in order to receive the Referral Reward, you must provide Indeed with a valid and completed W-9 document and ACH form. If you have not provided Indeed with a valid and completed W-9 and ACH form, you will receive no Referral Reward. If you are a U.K. resident, in order to receive the Referral Reward, you must provide Indeed with you valid banking details and HMRC Starter Checklist upon request.
  5. All payments to any Referrer are gross amounts and the Referrer will be responsible for paying all taxes on the award.
  6. This program may be cancelled at any time without notice; all referrals made prior to program cancellation will be paid in the event the above conditions are satisfied.
  7. Indeed has the right to refuse any referred candidate participation in the Indeed Prime program for any reason.
  8. No award will be paid for any referred candidate who is already a member of Indeed Prime when the referral was received.

Fees and Refunds:

As of January 1, 2017, Indeed Prime will offer one payment model: Subscription
Model. However, any individual terms agreed upon prior to January 1, 2017 will
still be honored; in the U.S., please consult your Prime Client Executive or
Client Consultant for pricing details, in the U.K., please consult your Prime
Client Consultant for pricing details. Beginning January 1, 2017 at 12am
Central time, the Subscription Model will be the only pricing plan available.
The Subscription model offers two plans (Essential and Enterprise), depending
on the size of the Employer and the number of job positions open. The
determination of which pricing plan an Employer falls into within the
Subscription Model is made in Indeed’s sole discretion. Even if you start in
one tier of the Subscription Model pricing plan, Indeed may determine in its
sole discretion that you are only eligible for the other tier.

Subscription Model:

  1. Under the Subscription Model, Employers agree to pay upfront an initial subscription fee for a period of time specified in any Indeed insertion order or online pricing page (each subscription period to be referred to as a “Term”).
  2. Unlimited hires may be made during any Term for the fee indicated on the Indeed insertion order or the price indicated on the Indeed Prime online pricing page.
  3. For the Essential plan, the minimum Term is monthly; for the Enterprise plan, the minimum Term is quarterly. However, other Term lengths may be agreed upon with your Prime Client Executive or Client Consultant.
  4. All plans under the Subscription Model shall automatically renew for additional Terms. If you wish to cancel your Subscription, you must do so no later than 15 days prior to the end of any Term. No refunds will be given for payment made during any Term.
  5. Under the Subscription Model, payment is due upon receipt of an insertion order or confirmation email, confirming your purchase, unless agreed upon otherwise with your Prime Client Executive or Client Consultant.

Pay-Per-Hire Model (Only applies to Clients who signed up for this payment
model prior to January 1, 2017. However, even if you are currently under this
payment model, Indeed reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to no longer
offer this payment model):

  1. Under the pay-per-hire model, Employers agree to pay a fixed percentage of annual base salary or other salary periods agreed upon, for any hire made through Indeed Prime.
  2. Refunds will be made to an Employer, if they have chosen to pay a percentage of the annual salary and a hire made through Indeed Prime leaves their job within the first 90 days of employment and does not become an independent contractor of the Employer. In order to be eligible to receive a refund, an Employer must inform Indeed within 5 business days of the hire leaving the Company and shall provide sufficient evidence of such employee exit.
  3. Indeed may request a non-refundable deposit, which will be applied towards the cost of first hire if made. If no hires are made, the deposit is not returned.
  4. Indeed may consider pre-paid volume discounts.
  5. Under the pay-per-hire model, payment is due upon receipt of an invoice from Indeed, Inc. or Indeed Ireland Operations Ltd., unless agreed upon otherwise with your Prime Client Executive or Client Consultant.
  6. The pay-per-hire model can be canceled at any time. Hires initiated before cancellation are subject to the invoicing and payment stated above.

If you wish to use the Indeed Prime tool, you must have an agreement with
Indeed, Inc. or Indeed Ireland Operations Ltd. to do so under one of the
pricing models listed above, and have accepted Indeed’s online terms of
service. Sales taxes will be charged as appropriate. The Obligation to pay
Fees shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

5\. Confidentiality

You agree to keep all information gained from using Indeed Prime confidential.
You agree that (1) you will use any content submitted by Candidates in
accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws; (2) you will not
disclose the names or identities or share the profile of any Candidates in any
List outside of your recruiting or hiring department; AND (3) you will take
appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to protect content
you obtain through use of Indeed Prime from loss, misuse, unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration or destruction. You also agree not to post, publicly
disclose or disseminate any job offers which you become aware of through
Indeed Prime.

You agree that by using Indeed Prime, Indeed may call you at the phone number
provided to Indeed, including cell phone numbers. You further agree that
Indeed provides email proxy and relay tools to the users of Indeed Prime and
that Indeed may monitor, review, store and analyze your content (including
your profile, applications, communications and responses) to provide you with
personally relevant product features, prevent fraud, reduce unwanted mail, and
provide quality control.

If you decide to take the HackerRank challenge or any other external testing,
such results will only be maintained and used internally by Indeed and will
never be passed to a third party.

Employer agrees that Indeed is entitled to publish the details of all non-
binding offers made and the identity of those parties that have made such
offers, unless the Employer has elected to remain anonymous.

6\. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

INDEED EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY THAT THE CANDIDATE PROFILE INFORMATION THAT
HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO INDEED IS VALID, THAT THE COMMUNICATION SENT BY AN
EMPLOYER WILL REACH THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, THAT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT OF THE
COMMUNICATION SENT AT YOUR REQUEST WILL READ THE EMAIL, OR THAT THE INTENDED
RECIPIENT OF YOUR REQUEST WILL ACT UPON SUCH REQUEST. INDEED EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NONINFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

EXCEPT FOR INDEMNIFICATION AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THIRD PARTIES HEREUNDER, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (a) NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY; AND (b) EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE
OTHER IS LIMITED TO AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO INDEED BY YOU FOR THE INDEED
TOOL GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

7\. Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Indeed from and against any
and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and
expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (a) your
violation of any term of this Agreement; (b) your use of, and access to,
Indeed Prime; (c) your loss of, or disclosure of, information gained from
using Indeed Prime; (d) your violation of any state or federal laws during the
hiring process, including but not limited to the Fair Credit Reporting Act;
(e) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any
copyright, property, or privacy right; or (f) any claim that your content
caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation
will survive this Agreement and your use of Indeed Prime. You also agree that
you have a duty to defend us against such claims. You agree that this
indemnity extends to requiring you to pay for our reasonable attorneys’ fees,
court costs, settlements and disbursements.

8\. Termination

We may suspend Indeed Prime, your account or any other provision of tools to
you, and we may terminate this Agreement with you, at our sole discretion, at
any time, with or without notice. If you wish to terminate this Agreement, you
may do so by notifying Indeed Prime at any time and closing your account. All
provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination
shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, success fee provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and
limitations of liability.

## F. Indeed Targeted Ads Terms

Last Updated: April 10, 2017

These Indeed Targeted Ads Terms (“ITA Terms”) form a part of, and are
incorporated into, the Indeed Terms of Service (the “Agreement”), and apply to
any Employer who accesses or uses the Indeed Targeted Ads program, or who
otherwise indicates its acceptance of these ITA Terms.  These ITA Terms apply
to both of Indeed’s Targeted Ads Services: 1) Indeed Targeted Ads: Brand (“ITA
Brand”) and 2) Indeed Targeted Ads: Apply (“ITA Apply”).

Any capitalized terms that are used but not defined in these ITA Terms have
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

1. The Program

Use of Indeed Targeted Ads (“ITA”) on or through the Site is subject to all
applicable Indeed terms and policies, including without limitation the Indeed
Privacy Policy (http://www.indeed.com/legal#privacy) and those instructions
provided on the Site, and, if you are using ITA, through our online forms.
Indeed policies may be modified at any time. With regards to any job
advertisements posted on Indeed through ITA, (“Targeted Ads”), you agree that
you are solely responsible for all: (a) ad or job content and target URLs
(“Creative”), whether generated by or for you; and (b) websites proximately
reachable from Creative URLs and your services and products (collectively
“Your Services”). You shall protect your passwords and take full
responsibility for your own, and third party, use of your accounts. Targeted
Ads may be placed on any content or property provided by Indeed (“Indeed
Property”). By posting a Targeted Ad on Indeed, you authorize Indeed to
reformat the Job Ad to be effectively displayed on a mobile device.  

ITA Apply: In order to participate in ITA Apply, you must either use Indeed
Apply to receive applications or add Indeed’s conversion tracker snippet to
your post-apply page (the “Post-Apply Page”). The Post-Apply Page on which you
add Indeed’s conversion tracker snippet shall be determined by mutual
agreement between you and Indeed. However, please note that if you
unilaterally place the conversion tracker snippet on a page other than the
mutually agreed upon page, in violation of this agreement, Indeed will still
count this page as the Post-Apply-Page, charge you for any Applies (as defined
below) on this page, and may require you to correct the placement. Any removal
of the tracker snippet will disqualify you from the program and will entitle
to Indeed to any resulting damages.  It shall be your responsibility to inform
your job applicants that such tracker snippet is in place. The conversion
tracker will attribute an application to Indeed any time the job seeker
started their search on Indeed, despite any intervening activity.

2. Cancellation

Unless otherwise stated in an insertion order or other agreement to advertise
with Indeed, you may independently cancel online any Targeted Ad at any time
(such cancellation is generally effective within 24 hours). Indeed may cancel
ITA or these ITA Terms at any time. Indeed may modify ITA or these ITA Terms
at any time without liability, and your use of ITA after notice that these ITA
Terms have changed indicates acceptance of the updated ITA Terms. Sections 1,
3, 4, 5, and 6 will survive any expiration or termination of these ITA Terms.

3. Prohibited Uses

You shall not, and shall not authorize any party to advertise anything illegal
or engage in any illegal or fraudulent business practice in any state or
country where your advertisement is displayed. You represent and warrant that
(x) all your information is correct and current; (y) you hold and grant Indeed
and Partners all rights to copy, distribute and display Creative (“Use”); and
(z) such Use and websites linked from your Targeted Ads (including Your
Services therein) will not violate or encourage violation of any applicable
laws. Violation of these policies may result in immediate termination of these
ITA Terms or your account without notice, and may subject you to legal
penalties and consequences. Indeed or Partners may reject or remove any
Targeted Ad, and Indeed may disable any Employer’s account, for any or no
reason without notice.

4. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

INDEED’S PROVISION OF THE PROGRAM AND THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INDEED
AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS, DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR NON-
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE. Indeed and its
affiliates, and its and their third-party licensors, disclaim all guarantees
regarding positioning or the levels or timing of: (i) costs per apply, (ii)
costs per impression, (iii) apply rates, (iv) impression rates (including any
estimate of impressions provided in an insertion order), (v) delivery of any
impressions on any Partner Property or Indeed Property or sections of such
properties, (vi) applies, (vii) impressions (viii) conversions for any
Creative, or (ix) targeted users. EXCEPT FOR AMOUNTS PAYABLE PURSUANT TO
SECTION 6 HEREUNDER, AND FOR ANY BREACH BY YOU OF SECTION 1, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (a) NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THESE IAP
TERMS FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER
DAMAGES WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY; AND (b) EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE
LIABILITY TO THE OTHER UNDER THESE IAP TERMS IS LIMITED TO AMOUNTS PAID OR
PAYABLE TO INDEED BY YOU FOR THE JOB ADS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

5. Payment

You shall be charged in accordance with the pricing listed in a separate
agreement or insertion order between you and Indeed, and based on applies
(“Applies” or “Apply”) if you are an Employer using ITA Apply, or based on
impressions (“Impression” or “Impressions”) if you are an employer using ITA
Brand. Applies are defined as a user visit to the agreed upon Post-Apply Page
listed in any separate agreement (including via email exchange) or insertion
order between you and Indeed. Impressions are defined as an ad appearing on a
page of the Site, which page has been presented to a Job Seeker. However, an
Impression does not guarantee that a Job Seeker has viewed such ad. If you are
an Employer using ITA Brand, your price per Impression found on any ITA Brand
Insertion Order is defined as the cost per 1000 impressions. If your ITA
Insertion Order does not contain an end date, you will continue to be billed
until you contact Indeed and request to be removed from the ITA Program. If
your Indeed employer account has a credit card on file for the Indeed Ads
Program, we will charge that same credit card for your Indeed Targeted Ads. If
your billing address is in the United States, you shall pay all charges in US
Dollars. If your billing address is in India, you may only pay all charges in
Indian Rupees.  If your billing address is in Brazil, you may only pay all
charges in Brazilian Reais.  If your billing address is anywhere else, you may
pay all charges in the following currencies, which you choose when creating an
account: US Dollars, Euros, UK Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars,
Swiss Francs, Japanese Yen or Singapore Dollars. Charges are exclusive of
taxes, including VAT. You will be charged all taxes as applicable and
appropriate. You are responsible for paying (y) all taxes and government
charges, and (z) reasonable expenses and attorney fees Indeed incurs
collecting late amounts. If you are in Japan, Japanese consumption tax will
apply on the import of all Indeed products and services. You waive all claims
relating to charges unless claimed within 60 days after the charge (this does
not affect your credit card issuer rights). Charges are solely based on
Indeed’s Apply measurements or Impressions measurements. Indeed’s
determination of number of Applies or Impressions shall be binding. Refunds
(if any) are at the absolute discretion of Indeed and only in the form of
advertising credit for Indeed Property. You acknowledge and agree that any
credit card and related billing and payment information that you provide to
Indeed may be shared by Indeed with companies who work on Indeed’s behalf,
such as payment processors and/or credit agencies, solely for the purposes of
checking credit, effecting payment to Indeed and servicing your account.
Indeed may also provide information in response to valid legal process, such
as subpoenas, search warrants and court orders, or to establish or exercise
its legal rights or defend against legal claims. Indeed shall not be liable
for any use or disclosure of such information by such third parties. All
withholding tax remittances to the government are your sole responsibility and
Indeed shall have no liability whatsoever therefor.  Invoices may be provided
to you via electronic mail.

6. Indemnification

You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indeed, its agents, affiliates,
licensors and Partners from any third party claim or liability (including
without limitation reasonable legal fees) arising out of your ITA use,
Creative, site or Your Services, or your breach of these ITA Terms.

*For the purposes of this Agreement, the Asia-Pacific Region is defined as the following countries and territories: American Samoa, Antarctica, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, China, Christmas Island, Cocos Islands, Cook Islands, East Timor, Fiji, French Polynesia, French Southern Territories, Guam, Heard Island and McDonald Islands, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Kiribati, Laos, Macao, Malaysia, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nauru, Nepal, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niue, Norfolk Island, Northern Mariana Islands, Pakistan, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Pitcairn, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Tokelau, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Vietnam, Wallis and Futuna.

## Indeed MoBolt Terms

These Terms and Conditions set forth the terms and conditions under which
Indeed, utilizing its internal proprietary Indeed MoBolt software (“Indeed
MoBolt Software”), will provide certain services, the Indeed MoBolt services
(the “Services”), to a customer of the Services (“Customer”).

1\. SERVICES RENDERED AND CONTENT

1.1. The Services. Subject to all limitations and restrictions contained
herein, Indeed shall provide Customer with the Services and Customer shall
have a nonexclusive and nontransferable right to use the Services as provided
by Indeed as described herein (“Services Rendered”). The Services will be
performed in accordance with this Agreement and the additional terms in an
applicable Insertion Order (“IO”), including the term of the agreement.

1.2. Services Rendered. The purpose of the Services, subject to the terms
herein, is: (i) to allow Indeed to create and host a mobile-optimized version
of Customer’s existing job application website (hereinafter referred to as the
“Customer Indeed MoBolt Website”); (ii) to allow Customer’s job applicants to
apply to Customer’s jobs via the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website, and (iii) to
allow Indeed to provide the Customer with job applicants’ information entered
through the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website in any form agreed to by the
parties. The Customer Indeed MoBolt Website will look like Customer’s branded
desktop website. Only Indeed has the ability to directly edit or alter the
Customer Indeed MoBolt Website. Customer shall not allow any website, that is
not fully owned by Customer, to frame, syndicate, distribute, replicate, or
copy any portion of Customer’s website that has been directly or indirectly
provided the Services. Customer acknowledges that Indeed monitors, reviews and
analyzes the content (including your applications and responses) sent through
MoBolt to provide you and users with personally relevant product features,
such as improved search results and to prevent fraud, reduce unwanted mail,
and provide quality control of the information sent through the MoBolt system.
Indeed will treat all private information received via the Services in
accordance with the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and General Terms, as
amended from time to time.

1.3. Customer Obligations. Customer hereby covenants and agrees that:

1.3.1. Customer shall be responsible for providing to Indeed content for
Customer’s website, including, without limitation, trademarks or service
marks, images, photographs, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips,
and text.

1.3.2. Customer is responsible for maintaining the security credentials of its
accounts, and Customer is fully responsible for all activities that occur
under the accounts assigned to Customer and any other actions taken in
connection with its accounts.

1.3.3. Customer, its employees and its contractors shall comply with all
applicable laws.

1.3.4. Customer shall immediately notify Indeed of any unauthorized uses of
its accounts or any other breaches of security. Indeed shall not be liable for
any acts or omissions by the Customer, including any damages of any kind
incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

1.3.5. Customer shall ensure that it has an agreement with each end user of
Customer’s job application website (“End User”) that protects Indeed’s rights
to the same extent as the terms of this Agreement. The agreement with End
Users (“End User Agreement”) must also include terms informing End Users that
End User grants Indeed access to and the right to use End User’s data, as
provided in Indeed’s Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and General Terms. Indeed
agrees that, subject to the foregoing requirements, the End User Agreement
need not specifically refer to Indeed. Customer will promptly notify Indeed if
it becomes aware of any breach of the terms of the End User Agreement that may
affect Indeed.

1.3.6. Customer will allow Indeed’s name to be displayed on the Customer
Indeed MoBolt Website for purposes of directing End Users to Indeed’s Privacy
Policy.

1.3.7. Customer shall not ask End Users any job application questions, which
are provided to End Users through Indeed’s provision of the Services, that are
illegal or discriminatory. Customer also shall not seek “Sensitive Data”
(defined herein) from End Users in job application questions, which questions
are provided to Indeed through the Services. Sensitive Data includes, but is
not limited to, highly confidential personal information such as bank account
or credit card information, online account information, social security
numbers (or similar counterparts outside the United States of America), health
information, or other categories of data subject to special breach
notification requirements in any country. If Customer chooses to seek
Sensitive Data, it does so at its own risk, Indeed disclaims any and all
liability for any security breach of such information, and Customer shall
indemnify Indeed for any claims that may arise as a result.

1.3.8 Customer shall be responsible for any Cookies dropped on the Customer
Indeed MoBolt Website

1.4. Time of Performance of Services. Indeed shall provide Customer with the
Services only during the agreed upon period provided for in an applicable IO.

1.5. Fee and Payment. Indeed shall provide Customer with the Services at the
agreed upon fee and payment method provided for in an applicable IO. None of
the payment represents the license or sale of the Indeed MoBolt Software.
Invoices may be provided to you via electronic mail.

1.6. Additional Restrictions. Customer shall not permit any third parties to
access the Services.

2\. TAXES

2.1. Taxes. The service fees and other amounts required to be paid hereunder
do not include any amount for taxes or levy (including interest and
penalties). Customer shall pay additionally for any taxes that apply in
addition to charges quoted by Indeed, at the time of purchase or at a later
date. Customer shall reimburse Indeed and hold Indeed harmless for all taxes
or levies which Indeed is required to collect or remit to applicable tax
authorities. This provision does not apply to Indeed’s income or franchise
taxes, or any taxes for which Customer is exempt, provided Customer has
furnished Indeed with a valid tax exemption certificate.

3\. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES

3.1. Maintenance. Indeed shall use commercially reasonable efforts to correct
reported or self-diagnosed material problems with: (i) the Customer Indeed
MoBolt Website; (ii) job applicants’ access to the Customer Indeed MoBolt
Website, and (iii) Indeed’s provision of job applicants’ information entered
through the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website to Customer (“Maintenance and
Support Services”). Indeed shall use commercially reasonable efforts to begin
working on a resolution to Customer’s written notice of reported problems
within fourteen (14) days, provided corrections shall be prioritized in
Indeed’s reasonable discretion. A response is not a guaranty of a solution to
the reported problem; however Indeed will keep Customer apprised of the
resolution closure. Customer can report material issues with the Customer
Indeed MoBolt Website through Indeed’s call center, which is available Monday
through Friday from 9:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. EST.

3.2. Service Availability. Indeed’s goal is to provide Service Availability of
the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7)
days per week (referred to as “24×7 Availability”) EXCEPT during times of
scheduled internal updates. However, the parties recognize that 24×7
Availability is only a goal. Indeed cannot guarantee that such goal can be
achieved. These response time goals apply only to public production servers
(i.e. web servers, application servers, and database servers). Indeed shall
use reasonable efforts to achieve 99% Service Availability in North America.
The Service Availability goal excludes any time Customer requests the Services
be paused and the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website be taken down. Indeed does
not and cannot control the flow of data to or from Indeed’s network and other
portions of the Internet. Such flow depends in large part on the performance
of Internet services provided or controlled by third parties. Customer
acknowledges and agrees that from time to time the Services may be
inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i)
equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs that
Indeed may undertake from time to time; and (iii) causes beyond the control of
Indeed or that are not reasonably foreseeable by Indeed, including, without
limitation, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital
transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other
failures. At times, actions or inactions of such third parties can impair or
disrupt Customer’s connections to the Internet (or portions thereof). Although
Indeed will use reasonable efforts to take actions it deems appropriate to
remedy and avoid such events, Indeed cannot guarantee that such events will
not occur. Accordingly, Indeed disclaims any and all liability resulting from
or related to such events.

3.3. Third Parties. Indeed shall have the right to use third parties,
including employees of Indeed’s affiliates and subsidiaries (“Subcontractors”)
in performance of its obligations and services hereunder and, for purposes of
this Section, all references to Indeed or its employees shall be deemed to
include such Subcontractors.

4\. OWNERSHIP

4.1. Reservation of Rights. By signing the Agreement, Customer irrevocably
acknowledges that, subject to the Services provided herein, Customer will not
be provided with the Indeed MoBolt Software used internally by Indeed to
provide the Services, the Indeed MoBolt Software is not licensed to Customer,
and Customer has no ownership interest in the Indeed MoBolt Software or Indeed
materials provided to Customer or utilized by Customer’s End Users. Indeed
shall own all right, title, and interest in the Indeed MoBolt Software and
Indeed materials, subject to any limitations associated with intellectual
property rights of third parties. Indeed reserves all rights not specifically
granted herein. Customer shall not make any representations to any End User or
any third party that the Indeed MoBolt Software belongs to Customer or is in
any way owned or shared by Customer.

5\. CONFIDENTIALITY

5.1. Definition. “Confidential Information” includes all information marked
pursuant to this Section and disclosed by either party, before or after the
Effective Date, and generally not publicly known, whether tangible or
intangible and in whatever form or medium provided, as well as any information
generated by a party that contains, reflects, or is derived from such
information. Confidential Information does not include personal data provided
by End Users.

5.2. Confidentiality of Services. All Confidential Information in tangible
form shall be marked as “Confidential” or the like or, if intangible (e.g.
orally disclosed), shall be designated as being confidential at the time of
disclosure and shall be confirmed as such in writing within thirty (30) days
of the initial disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following is
deemed Indeed Confidential Information with or without such marking or written
confirmation: (i) the Indeed MoBolt Software, to which Customer will not be
given access; (ii) other materials related to the Services furnished to
Customer by Indeed; (iii) the oral and visual information relating to the
Services; and (iv) the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5.3. Exceptions. Without granting any right or license, the obligations of the
parties hereunder shall not apply to any material or information that: (i) is
or becomes a part of the public domain through no act or omission by the
receiving party; (ii) is independently developed by the other party without
use of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information; (iii) is rightfully
obtained from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality; or (iv)
is already known by the receiving party without any obligation of
confidentiality prior to obtaining the Confidential Information from the
disclosing party. In addition, neither party shall be liable for disclosure of
Confidential Information if made in response to a valid order of a court or
authorized agency of government, provided that notice is promptly given to the
disclosing party so that the disclosing party may seek a protective order and
engage in other efforts to minimize the required disclosure. The parties shall
cooperate fully in seeking such protective order and in engaging in such other
efforts.

5.4. Ownership of Confidential Information. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed to convey any title or ownership rights to the Services, the Indeed
MoBolt Software used internally by Indeed to provide the Services, or other
Confidential Information to Customer or to any patent, copyright, trademark,
or trade secret embodied therein, or to grant any other right, title, or
ownership interest to the Indeed Confidential Information. Neither party
shall, in whole or in part, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or
disclose the Confidential Information to any third party and shall not copy,
reproduce or distribute the Confidential Information except as expressly
permitted in this Agreement. Each party shall take every reasonable
precaution, but no less than those precautions used to protect its own
Confidential Information, to prevent the theft, disclosure, and the
unauthorized copying, reproduction or distribution of the Confidential
Information.

5.5. Non-Disclosure. Each party agrees at all times to keep strictly
confidential all Confidential Information belonging to the other party. Each
party agrees to restrict access to the other party’s Confidential Information
only to those employees or Subcontractors who (i) require access in the course
of their assigned duties and responsibilities; and (ii) have agreed in writing
to be bound by provisions no less restrictive than those set forth in this
Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indeed may honor subpoenas, search
warrants, or law enforcement or court-mandated requests to reveal a Customer
or job applicant’s properly requested information.

5.6. Injunctive Relief. Each party acknowledges that any unauthorized
disclosure or use of the Confidential Information would cause the other party
imminent irreparable injury and that such party shall be entitled to, in
addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity, temporary,
preliminary, and permanent injunctive relief in the event the other party does
not fulfill its obligations under this Section.

5.7. Suggestions/Improvements to Services. Notwithstanding this Section,
unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, all suggestions, solutions,
improvements, corrections, and other contributions provided by Customer
regarding the Services or other Indeed materials provided to Customer shall be
owned by Indeed, and Customer hereby agrees to assign any such rights to
Indeed. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Indeed from using in any
manner or for any purpose it deems necessary, the know-how, techniques, or
procedures acquired or used by Indeed in the performance of services
hereunder.

5.8. Data Usage. Indeed has the right to use the data provided by Customer or
its applicants or otherwise derived from such data, as provided in the Indeed
Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and General Terms, each as amended from time to
time, and further Indeed may disclose the same in aggregate.

6\. WARRANTY

6.1. Authorized Representative. Customer and Indeed warrant that each has the
right to enter into this Agreement and that the Agreement shall be executed by
an authorized representative of each entity.

6.2. Customer Warranty. Customer hereby represents and warrants:

6.2.1. By making use of the Services, posting material via the Services,
posting links via the Services, or otherwise making (or allowing any third
party to make) material available by means of the Services (any such material,
“Content”), the Customer is entirely responsible for the content of, and any
harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the
Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, a video file, a
data feed, or any other content type.

6.2.2. The downloading, copying and use of the Content shall not infringe the
privacy rights or proprietary rights, including but not limited to the
copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;

6.2.3. The Customer has fully complied with any third-party licenses relating
to the Content, and has done all things necessary to successfully pass through
to end users any required terms;

6.2.4. The Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware,
Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;

6.2.5. The Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and
does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive
traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third
party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead
recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);

6.2.6. The Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite
violence towards individuals or entities, does not promote illegal activity,
and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;

6.2.7. The Indeed recruitment marketing platform provided through the Services
will not be advertised via unsolicited electronic messages such as spam links
on newsgroups, email lists, blogs and websites, and similar unsolicited
promotional methods;

6.2.8. The Indeed recruitment marketing platform provided through the Services
is not named in a manner that misleads its users or visitors into thinking
that the Customer is another person or company, which it does not have
permission to represent.

6.2.9. By submitting Content for inclusion in its recruitment marketing
platform, the Customer grants Indeed a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-
exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content for the
purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting same recruitment marketing
platform. If the Customer deletes Content, Indeed shall use reasonable efforts
to remove it from the Indeed Mobolt Software used internally by Indeed to
provide the Services, but the Customer acknowledges that caching or references
to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable. The Customer retains
all ownership and copyright to its Content.

6.3. Disclaimer of Warranties. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is not
relying on any statement or warranty not expressly provided herein with
respect to the Services or maintenance, or other services provided hereunder.
Customer acknowledges and agrees that Indeed has no control of availability of
the Services on a continuous or uninterrupted basis. In no event shall Indeed
be liable to Customer under contract or tort or under any other theory in the
event of the Services being inaccessible or inoperable for any reason
whatsoever. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES ARE
PROVIDED “AS IS” AND INDEED MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

6.4. No Modifications. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section, any and all warranties under this Agreement are VOID if Customer has
gained access to and made changes to the Indeed MoBolt Software or has
permitted any changes to be made other than by or with the express, written
approval of Indeed.

7\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY &amp; INDEMNIFICATION

7.1. Liability Cap. IN NO EVENT SHALL INDEED BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY
AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE COMPENSATION PAID BY CUSTOMER TO INDEED UNDER THE
AGREEMENT IN THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM THAT GAVE RISE TO THE
DAMAGES (“CAP”) AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY
REMEDY. CUSTOMER’S SOLE REMEDY IN CONNECTION WITH INDEED’S BREACH OF THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE THE NUMBER OF CLICKS EQUIVALENT TO THE CASH VALUE OF THE
CAP.

7.2. Disclaimer of Damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL INDEED BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
OF ANY KIND AND HOWEVER CAUSED INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, OR GOODWILL EVEN IF
NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. CUSTOMER MAY NOT ASSERT ANY CLAIM AGAINST
INDEED RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM
ACCRUED.

7.3. Indemnification. Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold Indeed and its
affiliates and their employees, officers, members, and agents harmless, from
and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, demands, suits,
expenses and any other out-of-pocket costs (including reasonable attorneys’
fees and expenses) which Indeed may incur or be liable for arising out of any
claim, suit or proceeding made or brought against Indeed based upon, arising
out of, or relating to (i) Customer’s breach of any representation or warranty
contained herein; (ii) Customer’s job postings or other content provided via
the Services; or (iii) Customer’s use of the Services.

7.4. If the Indeed MoBolt Software used internally by Indeed to provide the
Services or the Services becomes, or in Indeed’s opinion is likely to become,
the subject of an infringement claim, Indeed may, at its option and sole
discretion, (i) obtain for Customer the right to continue to use the Services
as provided in this Agreement; (ii) replace the Services with another service
that provides similar functionality; or (iii) if Indeed determines that
neither of the foregoing options are reasonably available, Indeed may
terminate this Agreement as to the infringing Services and will refund to
Customer any prepaid fees for which services have not been rendered. The
foregoing remedies are Customer’s sole remedies if any of the Services are
found, or likely to be found, to infringe on an intellectual property right.

8\. TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be as stated in any IO.

8.2. Termination by Indeed. This Agreement and any IO provided hereunder may
be terminated by Indeed: (i) on five (5) days written notice to Customer if
Customer fails to perform any material obligation required of it hereunder;
(ii) if Customer files a petition for bankruptcy or insolvency, has an
involuntary petition filed against it, commences an action providing for
relief under bankruptcy laws, files for the appointment of a receiver, or is
adjudicated a bankrupt concern.

8.3. Termination by Customer. This Agreement may be terminated by Customer on
five (5) days written notice for any or no reason.

8.4. Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, Customer shall no longer
be provided the Services and shall no longer have any access to or any right
in use of the Services or the Customer Indeed MoBolt Website.

8.5. Other Remedies. Termination of this Agreement shall not limit either
party from pursuing other remedies available to it, including injunctive
relief, nor shall such termination relieve Customer’s obligation to pay all
fees that have accrued or are otherwise owed by Customer under this Agreement.

9\. MISCELLANEOUS

9.1. Compliance With Laws. Customer agrees to comply with all applicable laws,
regulations, and ordinances relating to its performance under this Agreement.
The parties agree that the Agreement shall not be governed by the United
Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods or by UCITA, the
application of which is expressly excluded.

9.2. Relationship Between Customer and Indeed. Indeed represents and warrants
that it is an independent contractor with no authority to contract for
Customer or in any way to bind or to commit Customer to any agreement of any
kind or to assume any liabilities of any nature in the name of or on behalf of
Customer. Under no circumstances shall Indeed hold itself out as or be
considered an agent employee, joint venture, or partner of Customer. Indeed
will perform the Services and will determine, in its sole discretion, the
manner and means by which the Services are accomplished, subject to the
requirement that Indeed shall at all time comply with the applicable law.
Customer has no right or authority to control the manner or means by which the
Services are accomplished. Indeed agrees to furnish all tools and materials
necessary to accomplish the Services.

9.3. Assignment. Customer may not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement
or any IO provided hereunder whether by operation of law, change of control,
or in any other manner, without the prior written consent of Indeed. Any
assignment or transfer in violation of this Section shall be null and void.

9.4. Survival. The provisions set forth in Sections 4, 5, 6.2, 6.3, 7, 8.4,
and 9 of this Agreement shall survive termination or expiration of this
Agreement and any applicable IO hereunder.

9.5. Notices. Any notice required under this Agreement shall be given in
writing and shall be deemed effective upon delivery to the party to whom
addressed. All notices shall be sent to the applicable address specified on
the face page hereof or to such other address as the parties may designate in
writing.

9.6. Force Majeure. Except for Customer’s payment obligations, nonperformance
of either party shall be excused to the extent that performance is rendered
impossible by strike, fire, flood, governmental action, failure of suppliers,
earthquake, or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the
reasonable control of the non-performing party.

9.7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals
and prior discussions and writings between the parties with respect thereto.
For purposes of this Agreement, use of a facsimile, e-mail or other electronic
medium shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.

9.8. Modifications. The parties agree that this Agreement cannot be altered,
amended or modified, except by a writing signed by an authorized
representative of each party.

9.9. Publicity. Indeed shall retain the right to publish and display
Customer’s logo and name in Indeed’s portfolio and website, and in periodicals
and other media or exhibits for the purposes of recognition of excellence or
professional advancement or as part of a customer list. Either party, subject
to the other’s approval in writing, may describe its role in relation to this
Agreement and, if applicable, the services provided to the other party on its
website and in other promotional materials, and, if not expressly objected to,
include a link to the other party’s website. Customer shall not release any
publications or press releases about the relationship between Indeed and
Customer governed by the terms of this Agreement without the prior consent of
Indeed.

9.10. No Waiver. No failure or delay in enforcing any right or exercising any
remedy will be deemed a waiver of any right or remedy.

9.11. Severability and Reformation. Each provision of this Agreement is a
separately enforceable provision. If any provision of this Agreement is
determined to be or becomes unenforceable or illegal, such provision shall be
reformed to the minimum extent necessary in order for this Agreement to remain
in effect in accordance with its terms as modified by such reformation.

9.12. Choice of Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS
OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION. ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO, THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN AUSTIN,
TEXAS AND EACH PARTY HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH
COURTS.

9.13. Arbitration. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the breach thereof shall be determined by binding arbitration
administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its
Commercial Rules, including the optional rules regarding emergency relief. The
number of arbitrators shall be one (1), and the place of arbitration shall be
Austin, Texas, U.S.A., and the language of the arbitration shall be English.
The parties may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary
restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory
relief as necessary, without breach of this Section and without abridgment of
the powers of the arbitrator.

## Indeed Vulnerability Reward Program

Program Description

As part of Indeed’s commitment to the security of our job seekers,
advertisers, and publishers, we partnered with Bugcrowd to launch our
Vulnerability Reward Program. Detailed rules and information about the scope
of this bounty program are available on our Bugcrowd page. If you are a
whitehat researcher that believes you have discovered a vulnerability in an
Indeed product or have any other security inquiries, please sign up as a
Bugcrowd Tester to be included in Indeed’s Vulnerability Reward Program.
Vulnerabilities submitted outside of Bugcrowd will not be considered.

Legal Notes

Indeed will not issue rewards to researchers from countries on sanctions lists
(e.g. – Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria). There may be additional
restrictions on your ability to enter depending upon your local laws. Your
testing must not violate any law, or disrupt or compromise any data that is
not your own.

For jobs in Germany, visit Indeed Germany

Jobs \- Browse Companies \- Salaries \- Trends \- Forums \-  Browse Jobs \-
Tools \- API \- About \- Help Center

(C)2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms

