Deviant Art

Search

  * Buy Art
  * Buy Core Membership

Shop Mobile

  * Groups
  * Forum
  * Chat
  * Journals
  * Wallpaper
  * Portfolio

  * Critiques
  * Critiqueable
  * Random Deviant
  * Random Deviation
  * Random Group
  * Help & FAQ

More Submit  Join Login  
  
# DeviantArt, Inc. Privacy Policy

Revision date: November 25, 2015

DeviantArt respects your privacy.

This Privacy Policy applies to our web sites, including www.deviantart.com,
www.shop.deviantart.com, www.DreamUp.com, sta.sh, DA-Connect, and our
DeviantArt mobile applications (collectively, the "DeviantArt Sites" or
"Sites"). This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect through the
Sites, how we use that information, and what choices you have. The Sites and
our services available via the Sites are collectively called the "Services."

Please take a few moments to read this Privacy Policy. By accessing the
DeviantArt Sites, you acknowledge that this Privacy Policy applies to only the
Services.

## What we collect and how we use the information we collect

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our
Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account (as
defined below) if you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and
easily navigate our Services.

Personally Identifiable Information. If you create an DeviantArt account via
the DeviantArt Sites or through third party sites (an "Account"), we collect
certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name,
age/birthdate, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card
information, bank account details, social security number, or other
information that can be used to contact you or identify you as an individual
(collectively, "PII").

If you create your Account using your login credentials from a third party
site or service, we'll be able to access and collect your name and email
address and other PII that your privacy settings on that third party site or
service permits us to access but we don't receive or store passwords for those
third party sites and services. We cannot delete or change any PII that is
stored on third party sites and services.

We collect and use your PII when you register for special services (e.g., the
Print Program), sign up for e-mail newsletters and purchase products or
services. We use your PII to help customize advertising and content available
on the DeviantArt Sites, to send you information about products and services
that may be of interest to you and/or to conduct research for internal
purposes. Some features, services, and promotional opportunities that we offer
may also ask you to submit PII to participate.

If you have uploaded Artist Materials (as defined in and pursuant to the
Submission Policy, which can be found here -
http://about.deviantart.com/policy/submission/), you have also authorized
DeviantArt to use some of your publicly visible PII for distribution,
advertising and promotional purposes.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our servers automatically record
certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this
information as "Log Data"), for both Account holders and non-Account holders
(either will be referred to as a "User").

Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol (IP)
address, mobile device identifier, browser type, operating system, the pages
or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on
those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services on which a
User clicked, the friends of Account holders who also use the Services,
purchases made by the User, how often Users click on our advertisements, which
files are downloaded most frequently, and which areas of our Site are the most
popular and other statistics. We also collect certain information that your
mobile device sends when you use our Services, including user settings, the
operating system, as well as information about your use of our Services. We
use this information to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage
third parties to analyze) this information to improve and enhance the Services
by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users'
needs and preferences, and to make recommendations. We may use a person's IP
address to fight spam, malware and identity theft. We also use the IP address
to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are
used.

Like many Internet sites, we also use "cookies" to collect information. A
cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer and is stored on
your hard drive when you access our Services. When you visit our Services the
cookie identifies your computer to us so that you do not have to re-register
each time you visit. We also use cookies to identify that you've logged in to
the Services, to tell us how and when you interact with our Services, to
monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services, to return you
to a persistent location of your choosing, and to customize and improve our
Services and to measure the traffic to our Sites and the use of different
features of the Services. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies,
you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or
to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note, however, that if you
don't accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features
of the Services. Third party advertisers that appear on the Sites may place
cookies on your computer and their use of the information stored on those
cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. You should visit their
websites to learn about their information practices. Note that this Privacy
Policy only covers our use of cookies and does not include the use of cookies
by such third parties. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to
DeviantArt's cookies.

Location Information. If you enable this feature on the Service (currently
planned for the mobile App), we will collect information about your location
and/or use various technologies to determine your locations, such as by
converting your IP address into a rough gelocation, or sensor data from your
mobile device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell
towers. For Users of our mobile applications, you can enable or disable
location services when you use our Service through your mobile device
settings.

Your Address Book. We may ask our mobile applications users for access to the
address books on their mobile devices, so that we may connect Account holders,
however we will not access your address book without your permission to do so.

## How we share information

Except as noted, DeviantArt does not share your PII with third parties unless
you give us your permission or we need to share such information in order to
provide our Services to you at your request.

Information Shared with Our Service Providers. We may share aggregated
information and non-identifying information that we collect with third party
advertisers. We also may share hashed or otherwise obfuscated identifiers
based on your PII with trusted partners who in turn may provide these
identifiers to third party advertisers, advertising networks, advertising
exchanges and analytics services to help us serve ads that are more targeted
to your interests and to help us better understand the interests of users of
our Sites.

Information Shared with Advertisers. We may share aggregated information and
non-identifying information that we collect with third party advertisers.

Information Shared with Third Parties. We may share aggregated information and
non-identifying information with third parties for industry analysis,
demographic profiling and other similar purposes.

Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others. We will
disclose PII when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such
disclosure is necessary in order to conform to applicable law, comply with
subpoenas, court orders or legal process served on DeviantArt, to establish or
exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, and to protect the
property or interests of DeviantArt, its agents and employees, personal
safety, or the public. Under these circumstances, DeviantArt may be prohibited
by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of the
disclosure, and DeviantArt reserves the right under those conditions to not
provide notice in its sole discretion.

Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions. Information
that we collect from our Users, including PII, is considered to be a business
asset. If we become part of another organization, including without
limitation, by merger, change of control, sale of assets, or other
acquisition, go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your PII may be disclosed
or transferred to a third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.

APIs. We offer APIs for use by third parties to access various features of our
Services and content on our Sites. Some APIs will be used by third parties to
access and use your PII with the third parties' services however, your PII
will not be accessed and used by a third party API user without your consent.
We also offer APIs to some of our third party service providers to assist with
provision of services to us, such as, but not limited to, credit card
processing and shipping fulfillment services, and those third party API users
will access and use your PII only in order to provide services to us for you,
as noted above under "Information Shared with Our Service Providers".

Information We Disclose with Your Consent or at Your Request. We will share
your PII with third-party websites or platforms, such as social networking
sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so.

## Your Profile Page

When you create an Account, you have the option of checking a box to tell us
that you do not want us to send you our email newsletter.

Please note that when you create an Account, your profile page will display
your Account user name and certain statistics regarding your own use of the
Services, including but not limited to, the date you became an Account holder,
the categories of materials you posted and how long ago you last visited the
Sites. It will also display information about the Account holders who visit
your profile page including the names of those Account holders who follow you
(if the Account holder has permitted such display), and the number of visitors
to, and views of your profile page or pages containing Artworks you have
submitted.

Any information or content that you post to your profile page, or to chat
rooms or forums will be publicly accessible by Users so please exercise your
good judgment before you post. The name you choose when creating your Account
is visible to all Users of the Services. If you visit another account holder's
profile page, your user name will appear on that page. DeviantArt does not
control, and is not responsible for, the use of any information or content
that you have exposed to the public through your use of the Services. You may
use the tools we make available via the Services to make decisions about what
information about you, including PII, will be visible on your profile page and
on the profile pages of other Account holders that you visit. Please note
Accounts can be created either by individuals or companies.

Even if you choose not to receive information from us, we reserve the right to
communicate with you on matters we consider especially important.

## Making changes

You may review your PII by logging in and navigating to your Settings page on
the website. Once there, you may modify information that is incorrect and
delete certain information from your profile. You can also change your
permission settings for us to send you e-mail newsletters.

To delete your PII, you must manually change your data fields to null values.
Please note that some information associated with you cannot be deleted. Data
related to transactions for products and services through the DeviantArt Print
Shop is retained indefinitely and we may retain other PII associated with you
in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.

## Security

We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from
you or about you (including your PII). Please be aware, however, that no
method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is
completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of
any information.

## International Transfers

Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside
of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the
privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you're
located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may
transfer your PII to the United States and process it there. Your use of our
Services and submission of any PII represents your agreement to that transfer.

## Children's Information

We do not intend that children under 13 years old will use our Services. We do
not solicit or knowingly collect information from children under 13 years old,
nor will we accept registration from them.

## Updates

Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at
the time the information is collected by us. However, we may update this
Privacy Policy from time to time as our Services change and expand. If we
update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you about significant changes by
sending a notice to the email address specified in your Account, with the use
of an internal message directed to your Account or by posting a notice of such
changes on the Sites. Unless otherwise provided, the updated Privacy Policy
will take effect on the date it is posted. Once such changes become effective,
your continued use of the Site and/or Services will signify your acceptance of
the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy
Policy, or any revised Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Sites and/or
Services.

## Scope

The DeviantArt Sites contain links to other websites and/or services. This
Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any companies or individuals
that DeviantArt does not control, or any websites and/or services that you
link to from the DeviantArt Sites. DeviantArt is not responsible for the
content, privacy or security practices and policies of those companies,
individuals, websites and/or services and any information that you provide on
or to third-party companies, individuals, websites or services are subject to
those parties' privacy policies. You should use caution and review the privacy
policies of any websites that you visit from ours to learn more about their
information practices.

## Questions

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our policies, please
contact us at:

DeviantArt, Inc.  
7095 Hollywood Blvd #788  
Hollywood, CA 90028  
Phone: 888-4DEVART (888-433-8278)  
Email: help@deviantart.com

(C)2017 DeviantArt. All rights reserved

  * About
  * Contact
  * Developers
  * Careers
  * Site Tour
  * Help &amp; FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Core Members
  * Etiquette
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * Copyright Policy

Sta.sh Submit

Sta.sh Sta.sh Writer DeviantArt muro Submit

DeviantArt  
  
Hide Media Preview Submit Comment

### Add Media

### Style

Skin:

Change skin

Upload Files

