Search

  * Fantasy Football 

  * News &amp; Media

  * Video 

  * Scores 

  * Schedules 

  * Standings 

  * Stats 

  * Watch NFL Games Live 

  * Tickets 

  * Shop 

  * Fans 

  * health & safety

  * En Espa√±ol

  * Mobile

  * NFL Now

  * NFL Network

NFL.com - Privacy Policy

English Deutsch Francais

Effective Date: August 16, 2001  
Updated: December 19, 2016  

  

NFL Enterprises LLC, the National Football League, and the other members of
the NFL Family (collectively, "NFL," "we," "our," "us") respect your privacy
and value your trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy
Policy") applies to our websites, mobile applications, and other online and
mobile services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively, the
"Services"), and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information
through the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this
Privacy Policy.

Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to NFL properties that do
not link to this Privacy Policy (including http://www.NFLShop.com and
http://www.NFLRush.com) or to information collected by the thirty-two
individual NFL member clubs (the "Member Clubs"). In some instances, we may
direct you to a site that is operated by a third party service provider. Even
though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of
the Services, a different privacy policy may govern that information
collection by our third party service provider.

NFL Enterprises LLC has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this
privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the
TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the
TRUSTe seal. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we
have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through our
Services that link to this Privacy Policy.

  * Information Collection
  * Use of Information
  * Sharing of Information
  * Cookies and Similar Technologies
  * Advertising
  * Social Networking
  * Links To Other Websites
  * Security
  * Data Retention
  * Children's Privacy
  * Communications Preferences and Access
  * Your California Privacy Rights
  * Changes To This Privacy Policy
  * International Users
  * Contact Us 

1\. Information Collection

You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you
visit the Services. However, we may ask you for some or all of the following
types of information when you register with our Services, sign up for contests
or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, access various content or features,
submit comments or content, use a send-to-a-friend feature, or directly
contact us with questions or feedback:

  * Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
  * Unique identifiers, such as a user name or password;
  * Demographic information, such as gender;
  * Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
  * Real-time Geolocation information;
  * Communications preferences;
  * Search queries;
  * Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums;
  * Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
  * Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.

We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the
Services, including:

  * Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
  * Your device type or mobile carrier;
  * Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
  * Your browser type and operating system;
  * Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
  * Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
  * Information collected through cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and other technologies;
  * Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
  * Standard Server Log Information

2\. Use of Information

We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of
purposes, including to:

  * Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
  * Contact you via email and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
  * Send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties;
  * Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
  * Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
  * Process employment applications and inquiries;
  * Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and
  * As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.

3\. Sharing of Information

We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when
and with whom we may share the information we collect. At times, as described
below, we may share your personal information with others for various
purposes:

  * Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases; perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

  * Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information with all members of the NFL Family, including, without limitation, our subsidiaries and affiliates (e.g., NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Enterprises LLC, NFL Ventures, L.P., and NFL Ventures, Inc.).

  * Member Clubs: We may share your information with Member Clubs, each of whom has its own privacy policy, which is available on the Member Club's respective website.

  * Select Business Partners: With your prior permission, we may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.

  * Contests and Sweepstakes: In some cases, a third party may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Services, and collect your information. In those cases, we urge you to review the third party's privacy policy for that contest or sweepstakes before participating. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes. Please read their respective privacy policies for more information.

  * Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. To manage your preferences you may opt out here http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/.

  * Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.

  * Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of the NFL, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.

  * Interactive Features: We may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.

  * Other Parties With Your Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.

  * Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographics and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.

  * Geolocation Information: We may share your geolocation information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use precise geolocation information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We also may share your geolocation information with third parties so that they may provide you with geographically relevant advertising. If you wish to stop the further collection of your geolocation information, whether collected through location services, Bluetooth, or microphone access technology, please opt-out using your device settings.

4\. Cookies and Similar Technologies

  * The Services use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. These technologies are used for a variety of purposes, such as analyzing trends, administering the Services, analyzing how users interact with the Services, and gathering demographic information. By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.

  * Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Services, but your ability to use certain features may be limited.

  * The Services may use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here: https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html

  * We may use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Services. This software may record information such as how often you use an application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where an application was downloaded from.

  * We participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Learn more (https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com) about how Adobe does this.

5\. Advertising

We partner with third party advertisers to serve and display advertising on
the Services. These partners may use cookies and Web beacons to collect
information about your activities across different websites and services to
provide you with relevant advertising. If you wish to not have this
information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may
opt-out by clicking here. To serve and display advertising relevant to your
location, the Services may also track your device's precise geolocation by
responding to beacons or inaudible signals sent to your device's microphone.
If you do not want the location of your device to be tracked by the Services,
please opt-out using your device settings.

6\. Social Networking

The NFL has worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer
you their social networking services through our Services. For example, you
can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to
Facebook, Google+, and others to share information about your experience on
our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking
services. These social networking services may be able to collect information
about you, including your activity on our Services. These third-party social
networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on
the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services
or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their
own privacy policies. If you choose to access or make use of third-party
social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have
made available to those social networking services, including information
about your contacts on those social networking services. Your interactions
with those social networking services are governed by the privacy policy of
the company providing the relevant service.

You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service
(e.g., Facebook, Google+, Yahoo!) to an account through our Services. This may
allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to
certain features on our Services. If you link your account from a third-party
site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts,
and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.

7\. Links to Other Websites

The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are
operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under our control or
maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those
other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities
associated therewith. This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party
content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party
websites or services.

8\. Security

We have adopted security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. When you enter
sensitive information (such as a credit card number) and geo-location, we
encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer
technology (SSL).

Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy,
we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or
transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction,
or inadvertent disclosure of your information.

9\. Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as
needed to provide you the Services, and as necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

10\. Children's Privacy

The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information
from children under the age of 13. If we are made aware we have collected
personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is
inconsistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), we
will delete this information as soon as possible.

The NFL's online properties that are directed to children, such as
http://www.NFLRush.com, link to a different privacy policy.

11\. Communications Preferences and Access

You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, push notifications,
and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial
emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in
the commercial e-mails you receive. You may opt out of receiving push
notifications by turning off push notifications at the device level. Please
note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective. Your opt-out
request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial
in nature. For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have
made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email
messages.

If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Services,
you may request that we update or remove certain information by signing into
your account and making the required changes, by emailing our Customer Support
at NFLPrivacy@nfl.com, or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact
information listed below. We will make reasonable efforts to respond to your
request within 30 days.

You may opt-out of location based services at any time by editing your device
settings.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as
needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as
necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce
our agreements.

12\. Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request
certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please
send an email to CAPrivacyRights@nfl.com or write us at CA Privacy Rights, NFL
Digital Media Group, 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154.

Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with
which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers
incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users
intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of
them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if
anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do
not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is
established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals. In
some cases, third parties may be able to collect information about a user's
online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses
our Services.

13\. Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information
practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent
to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on
the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to
periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
practices.

14\. International Users

Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the
United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage,
processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or
other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States.
While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy
protection as your own, we commit to uphold the privacy protections as
explained in this Policy.

15\. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices
of the Services, please contact us by email at NFLPrivacy@nfl.com or:

NFL Digital Media Group  
345 Park Avenue, 5th Floor  
New York, NY 10154  
Attn: Website Privacy Policy  

Information

  * Contact Us
  * FAQ | Rule Book
  * Public Relations
  * Jobs: League | Team
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms &amp; Conditions
  * Accessibility

Initiatives

  * NFL Rush
  * Play 60
  * In the Community
  * NFL Auction

Media Info

  * NFL Communications
  * Media Kit
  * Media Guides
  * Record &amp; Fact Book

Player Services

  * NFL Health &amp; Safety
  * NFL Legends Community
  * NFL Player Care
  * Player Engagement
  * NFL Alumni Association

More NFL Sites

  * Play Football
  * USA Football
  * NFL International
  * NFL On Location
  * NFL Extra Points



  * NFL Football Operations
  * Pro Football Hall of Fame
  * NFL Ticket Exchange
  * NFL Shop
  * Licensing

(C) 2017 NFL Enterprises LLC. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered
trademarks of the National Football League.The team names, logos and uniform
designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-
related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NFL footage
(C) NFL Productions LLC.



  * Bills
  * Dolphins
  * Patriots
  * Jets

  * Ravens
  * Bengals
  * Browns
  * Steelers

  * Texans
  * Colts
  * Jaguars
  * Titans

  * Broncos
  * Chiefs
  * Raiders
  * Chargers

  * Cowboys
  * Giants
  * Eagles
  * Redskins

  * Bears
  * Lions
  * Packers
  * Vikings

  * Falcons
  * Panthers
  * Saints
  * Buccaneers

  * Cardinals
  * Rams
  * 49ers
  * Seahawks

(C) 2017 NFL Enterprises LLC. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered
trademarks of the National Football League.The team names, logos and uniform
designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-
related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NFL footage
(C) NFL Productions LLC. PRIVACY POLICY | Terms & Conditions

NFL News

CONTENT

15

