Data Protection Declaration

PONS takes the protection of your personal details very seriously. The
following declaration is to inform you of how we utilise your details, at the
same time assuring their protection.

Subject

The subject of this declaration is the collection, processing, and utilisation
(hereinafter referred to as âuseâ) of personal details (hereinafter
referred to as âdataâ) that we at PONS GmbH (hereinafter referred to as
âPONSâ) collect when you utilise our offers under the URLs http://pons.de/
and http://pons.eu.

Responsible office, contact address

The responsible office as defined under the German Data Protection Act is PONS
GmbH.

Should you have any questions about how your data are used or you wish to make
use of the legal remedies described herein please send us an email.

No consent through use

Decisive for the use of your data are the legal provisions applying in each
and every case, in particular the Federal Data Protection and the Telemedia
Acts. When we utilise data for a purpose that requires your consent under
these terms and conditions we shall ask you each and every time for your
explicit consent. You can revoke your consent, once given, at any time with
future effect and/âor object to its future use. Merely registering, using
the services, or acknowledging that you have read this declaration does not
serve in lieu of your explicit declaration of consent.

Utilising your data

The following presents a brief outline of how your data can be utilised.
Please note that not all data are actually utilised for all purposes and that
additional information is given, if necessary through special data protection
declarations, for individual services.

Collecting data

PONS collects data when you set up a PONS user account or when you visit or
utilise services.

  * When you set up an account we ask you to enter particular details about your person. Of these details only those are marked mandatory that we need to conclude the agreement or perform the services.
  * When you visit or utilise PONS services PONS collects and stores automatically in the server logs technical information that your browser transfers to us. This information is in particular the IP address of your computer and the data that PONS has stored in so called cookies (cf the section âCookiesâ).

Processing and utilising data

PONS utilises the data it collects for four fundamental purposes, but not all
data are actually used for all purposes.

  * The personal and address data (contractual data) saved in your account are used by PONS to justify and manage the terms and conditions of use.
  * The data needed for you to use each of the PONS services (utilisation data) is used for the respective serviceâs technical handling.
  * In addition we may analyse user profiles under a pseudonym (that cannot be traced back to the data in your account) for advertising, market research, and improving PONS services, provided that you have not made use of your legal right and objected to this use of your data. Such user profiles are generated by means of so called cookies. You can prevent this use of your data quite simply by configuring your browser to accept no cookies. Please compare also the section âCookiesâ.
  * Only when you have explicitly consented to this (cf the section âNo consent through useâ) PONS utilises your data also with reference to your person (i.e. not anonymously or under the above pseudonym) for the purpose of aligning our contents including advertising offers to your own personal interests and/âor notifying you of special offers or new services and products.

Transferring data to third parties

PONS does not transfer your personal data to third parties (including other
companies of Ernst Klett AG) except when:

  * you have consented to the transfer (cf section âNo consent through useâ) or
  * the transfer is necessary for performing or billing PONS services, in particular when
  * you use PONS services to claim the goods or services of an independent partner company or
  * a vicarious agent needs these data to handle PONS services (such vicarious agents, if you are not expressly informed to the contrary, are entitled to use your data only to the extent necessary for the service).
  * In conformity with the applicable laws government agencies may furthermore demand from us information or data for the fulfilment of their statutory duties, e.g. for the purpose of criminal prosecution.

Publications in the public sections of our offers

Public sections of our offers are those that are accessible to the public and
can be indexed by search engines.

Public sections like PONS forums let you publish or exchange information or
contents.

Should you experience problems deleting or revising personal data that you
have published in a public section, please turn to our Customer Services.

Deleting data

Your data are deleted when they are no longer needed for the above purposes.
Please bear in mind that the data you delete in your account may first be only
disabled and then deleted irrevocably once a certain time has elapsed as a
measure to prevent accidental deletions and to combat any malicious damage for
technical and legal reasons.

Cookies

Cookies are files that are stored on your computer hard drive and serve to
facilitate navigation. They save you having to reenter all your data each and
every time you use the same web facility. Cookies simplify and accelerate the
use of PONS services. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your hard
drive by configuring your browser to accept no cookies. You can also configure
your browser to ask you whether you agree to cookies. You can of course delete
any cookies at any time that have been saved to your hard drive. How to do so
is explained in the instructions for your browser. If you accept no cookies
this may lead to the occasional restricted functionality of PONS services.

PONS also utilises cookies to generate and analyse user profiles under a
pseudonym (see the section âProcessing and utilising dataâ). You can
prevent this quite simply by deleting or not accepting such cookies. How to do
so is explained in the instructions for your browser.

When you accept cookies PONS saves data in a cookie to your hard drive and
retrieves this information during future uses. PONS utilises so called single
pixel images to access PONS cookies within our network.

Our advertising partners do not have the right to retrieve information from
cookies PONS saves to your hard drive. Our advertising partners though can
save their own cookies to your hard drive. According to the law PONS is not
responsible for these cookies. If needed compare here the Data Protection
Declaration of the advertising partner.

Google

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by
Google, Inc. (âGoogleâ). Google Analytics uses âcookiesâ. These are
text files, which are placed on your computer, and which help to analyze how
visitors to the site use this web page.

As a rule, the information in this cookie about your use of this web page is
transmitted to and stored by Google on a server in the United States. This web
page has configured IP address anonymization. This means, that before
transmitting it to the United States, Google will shorten your IP-address
within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the
Treaty on the European Economic Area. Exceptionally, the full IP address may
be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of
the operator of this web page, Google will use this information for the
purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website
activity, and providing the website operator with other services connected
with website activity and internet usage. The IP-address which your browser
transmits within the framework of Google Analytics will not be associated with
any other data held by Google.

You can disable the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings
on your browser; please note, however, that this may affect full functionality
of this website. In addition, you can block the transmission and processing of
cookie-generated information about your website visit to Google Analytics
(including your IP address) by downloading and installing the Google Analytics
Opt-out Browser Add-on. To do so, follow this link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

For more information please see http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
and http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html (general information
about Google Analytics and data confidentiality)

Please be advised that this website has configured the supplementary code
"gat._anonymizeIp();" in Google Analytics, which enables the anonymous
collection of IP addresses (âIP-Maskingâ).

Website Metrics by the IVW and AGOF*

The âScalable Central System of Metricsâ (Skalierbares Zentrales
Messsystem) serves to gather statistical values pertaining to the use of a
website or an app and to create anonymous user profiles. The measurement
values thereby gathered are exclusively anonymous. The aim is to statistically
evaluate website usage. Specifically, the suitability and performance of an
internet-based service as an advertising medium is recorded. This information
is used in market research and media planning. At no point are individual
users identified. Before information is processed, IP addresses are shortened
in such a way as to render the identification of individual website visitors
impossible. The SZM measurement is in no way connected with ad insertion or
the contacting of internet users.

In the interest of individualized information management it is of importance
to us to provide all internet users the opportunity to disable the SZM
measurement by downloading an Opt-Out-Cookie:

Opt-Out-Cookie

* IVW: âInformationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von WerbetrÃ¤gern e.V.â (âInformation Consortium for Determining the Circulation of Advertising Mediaâ - German Audit Bureau of Circulations. http://www.ivw.eu/, member in the International Federation of Audit Bureaux of Circulations (IFABC: www.ifabc.org). AGOF: âArbeitsgemeinschaft Online Forschungâ (âStudy Group Online Researchâ. www.agof.de).

Editing or deleting the personal data of your account

You have the right at all times to inspect, correct, add to, and delete your
personal stored data and the settings of your account (cf the section
âResponsible office, contact addressâ).

Data security

PONS makes every effort to protect your data against unauthorised access,
loss, abuse, and destruction. Your personal data are accessible to those
employees only who must necessarily consult your data if they are to exercise
their duties properly and provide you with the PONS services and products to
the best possible extent. Moreover PONS implements both operational and
electronic measures for the protection of your personal data.

Changes to this Data Protection Declaration

PONS will if necessary adapt this Data Protection Declaration to future
changes in the use of personal data.





  
  
  
[Schließen]

