Skip to Contents

  * About LG

Skip to Next Menu

About LG

Our Brand

Brand Identity

LG Videos

Newsroom

Close

  * Sustainability

Skip to Next Menu

Sustainability

CSR Framework

CSR Principles

Top Management Message

CSR Management System

Customer

Communication with Customers

Product Quality and Safety

Customer Satisfaction

Customer Privacy Protection

Child Safety Online

Accessibility

    * Mobile
    * TV / Audio / Video
    * Collaborations
    * Resource

Environment

Vision and Policy

Operational Efficiency

    * Energy and GHG Emissions
    * Water Management
    * Waste and Emissions

Health and Safety

Greener Products

    * Green Product Strategy
    * Products Application
    * Environmental Labels
    * Environmental Declarations

Take-Back and Recycling

    * Global Take-Back Policy
    * Take-Back & Recycling Global Network
    * Take-Back & Recycling Amounts
    * Recycling Process for End-of-Life Mobile Phones

Hazardous Substances Management

Business Partner

Win-Win Growth

CSR in Supply Chain

Supply Chain Green Management

Conflict Minerals

Community

Overview

Technology that Cares

Trustworthy Partner

Sharing and Comfort

Caring Local Community

Employee

Talent Management

Fair Evaluation

Corporate Culture / Work-Life Balance

Labor Rights Protection

Communications

Sustainability Reports

Stakeholder Consultation

Awards & Recognition

Questionnaires

Close

  * Investor Relations

Skip to Next Menu

Investor Relations

Company Information

Financial Information

Stock & Bond Information

Stock Quotes

Issued Stocks

Dividend History

Listing Information

Shareholder Composition

Corporate Bonds

Credit Rating

Reports

Calendar

Investor FAQ

Close

  1. Home &gt;
  2. Privacy

  * Global / English

# Privacy

LG Electronics is committed to protecting your privacy on the Internet.

We believe that it is important for you to know what we do with your personal
information. When it comes to consumer data collected electronically, LG
Electronics will provide notice, choice, access and security in ways described
below.

You can visit this Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any
information about yourself. LG Electronics will not collect any personal data
about you (e.g., name, country, e-mail address) unless you voluntarily choose
to provide us with it. There are portions of this Web site where we may need
to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to
provide you with certain information you request.

Our web servers collect domain names and not the e-mail addresses. This
information may be aggregated on a "no names" basis just to measure the number
of visits, average time spent on the site, or pages viewed.

Our web servers also seek (as many Web sites do) to place a "cookie" (a small
data file) on your computer's hard drive which allows the server to recognize
the computer when it visits again. This helps track statistical information
about navigation through our site. This cookie is not used to obtain your name
or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for
internal purposes, such as to improve site navigation. LG Electronics uses
these data to measure the usage of, and improve the content of our sites.

Domain name information that we collect is only used to measure the number of
visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this
information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our
site. Information provided from you, such as your name, e-mail address and
etc, is used by us only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request.
We will not provide your personal data to third parties, but only if necessary
to fulfill your request or for related purposes. The collected information
will be discarded if the related purpose is completed. If you choose not to
have your personal data used, we will respect your choice.

In an effort to make your visit both efficient and safe, all transfers of
personal information via this site meet LG Electronics's rigorous Internet
security standards.

Occasionally, our site may contain electronic links to other sites. In case
you choose to go to those sites, their own privacy policy and privacy
preferences will apply.

Select Country/Language: Global / English

About LG Our Brand Brand Identity LG Videos Newsroom Sustainability CSR
Framework CSR Principles Top Management Message CSR Management System Customer
Communication with Customers Product Quality and Safety Customer Satisfaction
Customer Privacy Protection Child Safety Online Accessibility

  * Mobile
  * TV / Audio / Video
  * Collaborations
  * Resource

  Environment Vision and Policy Operational Efficiency

  * Energy and GHG Emissions
  * Water Management
  * Waste and Emissions

Health and Safety Greener Products

  * Green Product Strategy
  * Products Application
  * Environmental Labels
  * Environmental Declarations

Take-Back and Recycling

  * Global Take-Back Policy
  * Take-Back & Recycling Global Network
  * Take-Back & Recycling Amounts
  * Recycling Process for End-of-Life Mobile Phones

Hazardous Substances Management Business Partner Win-Win Growth CSR in Supply
Chain Supply Chain Green Management Conflict Minerals   Community Overview
Technology that Cares Trustworthy Partner Sharing and Comfort Caring Local
Community Employee  Talent Management Fair Evaluation Corporate Culture /
Work-Life Balance Labor Rights Protection Communications Sustainability
Reports Stakeholder Consultation Awards & Recognition Questionnaires Investor
Relations Company Information Financial Information Stock & Bond Information
Stock Quotes Issued Stocks Dividend History Listing Information Shareholder
Composition Corporate Bonds Credit Rating Reports Calendar Investor FAQ LG
Smart World LG Business Solutions

  * Site Map
  * Privacy
  * Legal
  * LG Affiliates
  * LG Business Solutions

Copyright Â© 2009-2017 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved.



