  * we're hiring!
  * blog
  * about imgur
  * imgur store
  * imgur apps
  * developer api
  * advertise
  * need help?

terms privacy ad choices

  * Upload Images
  * Video to GIF
  * Make a Meme

New post

  *   * sign in

  * sign up

# Privacy Policy

Your Privacy Rights – Effective January 17, 2017

Our Privacy Policy has changed - January 17, 2017

## Information we collect; how we use it

Automatically collected technical information: Our servers log information
about each computer connecting with our site such as IP address, dates and
times of each login, device characteristics, operating system, browser type,
type of connection, page and image viewing statistics, and incoming and
outgoing links. We associate this information with comments you post or votes
you enter. We also log the metadata associated with any images or videos you
upload. None of this automatically collected technical information is
associated with any identified person at the time it is collected, but it
could be associated with you under two circumstances: First, if you choose to
give us personal data about you as described below, the technical information
we collect that would otherwise be anonymous could instead be logged as coming
from you; and second, if we are required to disclose our server logs as a
result of a subpoena or other legal process, some third party such as your
internet provider could match our anonymous technical information with you,
using information beyond what is found on our servers.

We may use cookies, web beacons, or other anonymous tracking information to
improve our server's interaction with your computer, and we may partner with
third party advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place
or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more
customized ads, content or services to be provided to you. To trigger these
cookies, we may pass an encrypted or "hashed" (non-human readable) identifier
corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may
place a cookie on your computer. No personally identifiable information is on,
or is connected to, these cookies. Although our servers currently don't
respond to "do-not-track" requests, you can block these cookies in other ways,
for example by going to http://www.privacychoice.org/choose.

Imgur participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) Self-Regulatory
Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information please visit
http://www.aboutads.info.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our
website or use our apps. These companies may use information about your visits
to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this
practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by
these companies for interest based advertising, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.

We collect whatever personal data about you that you choose to give us, such
as a contact email address and profile information. We do not require you to
use an account to upload images, and if you open an account you do not have to
use your real name – you may choose a username and email address that reveal
nothing about your identity. If you give us an email address, we’ll probably
send you promotional messages once in a while; we’ll try to make them fun and
interesting but of course you’ll be able to opt out at any time.

## Personal Data Protection

Because Imgur neither requires nor requests personally-identifiable
information about you, if you choose to remain anonymous Imgur will not
disclose to any third party any personally identifiable information about you.
The only exceptions are: (1) If you use a credit card to make an on-site or
in-app purchase, in which case your private data is forwarded to credit card
processors only for that purpose (including guarding against credit card
fraud) and not stored on our servers. (2) if we receive a subpoena or other
legal process requiring us to disclose whatever information we may have about
you, we may have no choice but to do so.

You may correct, amend, or delete inaccurate private data (if any) you have
given us, although any credit card transactions that have already taken place
will be unaffected. For legal reasons we may retain backup and/or archival
copies of information prior to your corrections, amendments, or deletions. We
take every reasonable precaution to protect your private data from loss,
misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You are
responsible for taking every reasonable precaution on your end to protect any
unauthorized person from accessing your Imgur account.

## Image and Album Privacy

Every image uploaded to Imgur – whether uploaded directly without going
through a user account, or uploaded via a user account – has its own URL, and
no matter what your privacy settings are, every image can always be accessed
and viewed by anyone who types in that exact URL. No image uploaded to Imgur
is ever completely hidden from public view. This is mainly to ensure that
Imgur, which allows anonymous postings, will not be used as a platform for
illegality.

That stated, we do offer two privacy settings if you upload images via your
user account: Image privacy and album privacy.

  * Image privacy: Individual images can be toggled between "private" and "public" through your personal settings menu, accessible by clicking your username after you've signed in. If you select "private," any images you upload via your user account will not appear on your public images page, will not appear in response to our image search function, and will not appear in the gallery (except to the extent that you submit them). If you select "public," all of your images will be displayed individually on your public images page (http://username.imgur.com). They still will not be searchable via our search function, and will not be displayed in the gallery (except to the extent you submit them).
  * Album privacy: If you group your images into albums, each album can have one of three privacy settings that apply to the albums as such, and not to individual images: (1) "Public" albums are displayed on your public images page (http://username.imgur.com) and are searchable. If you submit them to the gallery they might appear there. (2) "Hidden" albums are not displayed on your public images page and are not searchable. (3) "Secret" albums likewise are not searchable, and can't be viewed by anyone other than the logged-in user who uploaded the album.
  * Exception: If we notice that one of your images has gone viral (for example, if you posted a link to it elsewhere), we may treat it as public and it may be added to the Imgur community gallery.

## Messaging Privacy

Imgur allows users to send messages to one another both indirectly (via
comments to posts) and directly (via chat). Imgur's messaging functionality is
not intended to be a secure messaging platform; it's just for fun. As is the
case with images, so too for messaging: To ensure that Imgur's messaging
platform is not used as a platform for illegality, no messages are ever
completely hidden from public view. We may monitor user messaging.

If you have any questions about our use of your Private Data, please contact
us at Imgur Help.

We may revise our privacy policy from time to time by posting the changes
here.

Love Imgur? Join our team! * about * store * help * blog * request deletion *
forum * terms * privacy * apps * api * advertise * ad choices

(C) 2017 Imgur, Inc.

