  * Games
  * News
  * Press
  * About
  * Contact
  * 

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy will explain what information we collect online, why we
collect it, and the choices we offer to you.

This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes the data practices of Armor Games
Inc. (“Armor Games”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “we”, or
“Company”), covering its services under its control, including this website,
any products, mobile applications, console or PC applications (collectively
"Services"). By using the Services, you are consenting to this Policy and the
processing of your data in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not
agree with these terms, please do not use the Services. This Privacy Policy
was last updated on April 17, 2017.

## Information we collect

We may collect information about the Services you use and how you use them,
such as the selections you make on our Services. We collect PII, DII, and log
information about your interactions as described below.

Personally identifiable information (PII) is information that can be used to
identify or contact you online or offline, such as your name, address, email,
phone number, photos or audio data, and payment information. The Service may
collect PII when it is provided to us, such as when you use our Services,
attempt to contact us, submit a resume or job application, or connect with us
on social media or one of our partners. For example, you may see a “Log in
with…” button, which means we request PII from a partner to streamline the
login the process. You will likely be presented with a “request for
permission” screen by a third party asking to share your ID, profile picture,
and other listed information with us.

We may also create or collect device-identifiable information (DII), such as
cookies, unique device and advertising identifiers, statistical identifiers,
usernames, and similar identifiers that are linkable to a browser or device.
From these platforms, we may also receive other information, such as your IP
address, user agent, timestamps, precise and imprecise geolocation, sensor
data, apps, fonts, battery life information, and screen size.

Our Services also collect information about your interactions, including
navigation paths, search queries, crashes, timestamps, purchases, clicks and
shares, and referral URLs. We may combine this data with PII and DII. For
efficiency’s sake, information about your interactions may be transmitted to
our servers while you are not using the app. We may also partner with third
parties that collect additional information – please see their privacy
policies for more details and see below for your choices regarding these
parties.

## How we use information we collect

We use the information we collect from our Services to provide, maintain,
protect and improve our Services, to develop new Services and offerings, and
to protect us and our users.

PII is primarily used for business purposes, such as for sending you
occasional newsletters and updates, hiring, responding to inquiries, logins,
and providing Services. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your
communication as well as the other information to help solve any issues you
might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our
Services, such as letting you know about changes or improvements. Please keep
in mind that comments sections, forums, and other similar areas of our
Services are public. Any information posted in those areas is viewable and
usable by anyone that has access.

We share PII with companies, outside organizations, and individuals for
limited reasons, outlined below:

  1. With your consent - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so.
  2. For external processing - We provide PII to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
  3. For legal reasons - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
  4. In case of a sale or asset transfer - If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including PII collected from you through your use of our Services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Services.
  5. In aggregated form for business purposes - We may share aggregated information and DII with our partners such as businesses we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.

We use DII to operate our Services and manage user sessions, including
analyzing usage of our Services, preventing malicious behavioral and fraud,
improving the content, to link your identity across devices and browsers in
order to provide you with a more seamless experience online, and helping third
parties provide relevant advertising and related metrics. We share DII with
third parties primarily for advertising and analytics purposes, for external
processing, and for security purposes.

## Third Parties

While we strive to work with reputable companies with good privacy practices,
this Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or
individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on the
Services. We also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy
settings on third-party sites, including social networks. We may use third
parties to help offer you more tailored ads and better Services, such as
obtaining analytics about the users of our site and to help tailor advertising
to your preferences. For further information, please see the relevant privacy
policies for each third party and industry codes of conduct.

## Choice

If you wish to cancel your account, you can do so by accessing our platform or
contacting us for assistance with the process. Our email is included at the
end of this privacy policy.

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered
account with us, you have the right to request removal of unwanted information
that you post onto our Services (e.g., comments or a forum) by contacting us
at the email at the end of this privacy policy, stating you reside in
California. This does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the
posted content.

Like many other companies, we do not honor DNT flags but instead offer other
choices with respect to third parties. Many third parties participate in self-
regulation to offer you a choice regarding receiving targeted ads. Please note
that you’ll still see generic ads after opting out, but they won’t be based on
your activities online. On the web, you can opt out of participating companies
by visiting the following sites:

  * http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
  * http://optout.aboutads.info/

If you wish to similarly opt out of cross-app advertising on mobile devices,
you can enable the Limit Ad Tracking flag on the device. Enabling Limit Ad
Tracking sends a flag to third parties that you wish to opt out of targeted
advertising on that device, and major mobile platforms require companies to
honor this flag. Screenshots on how to find these options on various devices
are available here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices. To learn
how to opt out on other devices such as video game consoles, please visit the
platform’s privacy policies for more information.

## Accessing and updating your information

We aim to provide you with reasonable opportunity to access, update, and
delete to your PII. In some cases, we may have to keep that information for
legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your information, we may
ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.

## Information security

We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized
alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold and undertake
reasonable security measures with appropriate confidentiality, integrity, and
availability protections. However, since no software or storage system is 100%
secure, we cannot guarantee for the security of your information associated
with the Services, or any other service for that matter. You can help protect
your account information by using unique and hard-to-guess passwords.

## Children Under 13

We do not knowingly collect information for any child under the age of 13. If
you are the parent of a child under the age of 13 and have a concern regarding
your child’s information on our Services, please contact us at the email
provided at the end of this Policy.

## Our Services are Located in the United States

Our Services are directed to United States citizens. If you are outside of the
United States, your information will be processed and stored in the United
States and you are consenting to such transfer, processing, and storage under
the laws of the United States.

## Changes

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy
changes on this page, including material changes. Please check back
periodically to view changes to our privacy policy.

## Questions?

If you have questions or requests regarding our privacy practices, please
contact us at privacy@armorgames.com

* * *

Armor Games

Play free games online at

armorgames.com

  * Games 
  * Press 
  * Contact 
  * News 
  * About 
  * Privacy Policy 
  * Support 

(C) Armor Games Inc. All Rights Reserved.

  * Armor Games on Facebook
  * Armor Games on Twitter
  * Armor Games on YouTube
  * Armor Games on Google+

