# Support

Help Tickets New Support Ticket

  * ##### English

    * English
    * French
    * Japanese
    * Spanish

Welcome

Login  Sign up

## How can we help you today?

Search

Login or Signup to submit a new ticket

Check ticket status

Solution home  Product &amp; Features Discogs Policies

## Privacy Policy

Modified on: Tue, 23 May, 2017 at 5:26 PM

* * *

# Discogs Privacy Policy

#### Effective Date: January 25, 2017

  

#### Your privacy is important to Discogs and this Policy represents our
commitment to care for your personal information. This Privacy Policy
(“Policy”) applies to the data Discogs collects on its websites and through
any services associated with those sites (“Services”), provided to you by Zink
Media, Inc., doing business as Discogs (“We”, “Our” “Us” or “Discogs”). It
does not apply to data collected by or through any other online or offline
sites, products, or services. When You (“You”, “Your”) use sites, products, or
services other than Discogs’ Services, You are subject to those service
provider’s policies. In addition, this Policy does not cover data You
independently disclose to other users of the Services. Disclosure of data to
buyers, sellers, or contributors, (“Other Users”) outside of disclosure to
Discogs should be discussed with those Other Users prior to providing such
data.

  

Discogs complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss –
U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States,
respectively. Discogs has certified to the Department of Commerce that it
adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the
terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy
Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/. See below for additional information on the
types of information We collect, how We use it and to whom and when it is
disclosed. Discogs is liable for privacy violations committed by third parties
to which it provides Your information as limited by Discogs contractual
agreements with those third parties. All personal data received from the EU
and Switzerland will be subject to the Privacy Shield. If you have a privacy-
related complaint, please complete our Privacy Complaint Form. Other privacy-
related inquiries can be made to compliance@discogs.com.

  

####  By using Discogs’ Services, You consent to Discogs’ use and disclosure
of Your personal information, including any information that identifies You,
directly or indirectly, including by reference to an identification number, to
one or more factors specific to Your physical, physiological, mental,
economic, cultural or social identity, and data elements such as Your IP
address, geolocation, and username and password (“Personal Information”) as
described in this Policy.

  

#### Collection of Personal Information

  * When You register to use the Services, Discogs collects certain Personal Information, Your username and e-mail address. 

  * When You register to sell items using the Services, Discogs collects certain additional Personal Information, Your address and PayPal username to allow you to engage in transactions and make use of the Services. 

  * When You purchase items using the Services, Discogs collects certain additional Personal Information, Your address. Discogs does not collect or store any purchaser payment information, such as credit card information. Such information is provided directly to the seller by the purchaser with no interaction by or through Discogs.

  * If You send us an email with a question or support issue, we collect Your email address and other information You provide for the purpose of responding to Your question.

  * We keep Your Personal Information as long as necessary to provide the Services to You and as required by applicable laws and regulations.

  * If you decline to provide Discogs with any Personal Information as described above, certain features of the Services will be unavailable to You. 

  

Information We Store When You Access the Services

  * We use cookies and other technology to keep track of Your online interaction with our site. Cookies may also provide information to Us about Your online interaction with other sites.

  * We may use cookies and similar technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about Discogs users. The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the Services. We also may use third-party advertising, and the companies providing this third-party advertising may use their own cookies. The collection and use of information by these companies is governed by the relevant third party's privacy policy and is not covered by this Policy. You have rights regarding Discogs use of cookies. Please see the Cookie Policy and Analytics &amp; Display Advertising, Cookies below for more information.

  * Except as otherwise provided by this Policy, or when deleted or destroyed at your request, we typically maintain data and communications for a period of two years as is common in the industry. 

  

#### Information Use

  

We use the Personal Information we collect to:

  * Provide the requested Services.

  * Personalize the Services for You and to communicate with You.

  * Send You emails from Discogs.com and its sister websites (including, but not limited to, Gearogs.com, Filmogs.com, Biblio.gs, Comicogs.com, Vinylhub.com) which may include newsletters, relationship and transactional messages, and marketing promotions. These emails may be opted out of in Your notification preferences or from within the email messages themselves.  
  

#### Disclosure

  * We share information with third parties that act as an agent to perform tasks on Our behalf and under our instructions. This information is limited only to the information needed to perform the tasks. 

  * We may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Our terms of service, or as otherwise required by law enforcement or national security requirements. We may also disclose information when requested to comply with a court order, investigation, or governmental request.

  * We do not otherwise share Your information with any third parties.

  * We do not provide or sell email addresses or collection/wantlist data to any third party.

  * We do not provide or sell Your Personal Information or any other information You have provided to us to any third party for direct marketing or advertising purposes.

  

Limiting the Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information

  

Discogs will provide You with notice in the event it intends to share Your
information with a third party (other than as described above) or for a
purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was
originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individuals. Prior to
sharing such information, You will be provided with clear, conspicuous, and
readily available mechanisms to opt out of such sharing.

  

In the event We collect sensitive information (i.e., personal information
specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political
opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or
information specifying the sex life of the individual), We will obtain
affirmative express consent (opt in) from You if we intend such information to
be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose other than those for which
it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You through the
exercise of an opt-in choice.

  

Protection

We use the following security measures and technologies to protect Your data:

  * Industry standard firewalls

  * Encrypted data transfer over SSL

  * Secure data backups

  * Encrypted passwords 

  * Servers are located at secure locked facilities

  * Despite our efforts, no security measure can be absolute, and there can be no guarantee that Your Personal Information will not be accessed through malicious means, inadvertent disclosure, or mistake. If Discogs is the source of a breach, we will contact you and describe the breach, along with Discogs’ mitigation actions. Where applicable, we will provide appropriate identity theft prevention and mitigation services at no cost to the affected person for not less than 12 months.

  

Personally-Identifiable Information Submitted by Children Under 13

  

The Services are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. IF
YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE PROVIDER SERVICES AT
ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. If We determine that personally-identifiable
information of children under 13 has been collected, We will remove the
information from the Services. If You are a parent or guardian and learn that
Your child under 13 has created an account, You may contact us and request
that the information be removed from the Services at compliance@discogs.com.

  

Information Submitted by Minors under 18 in California

  

If You are a minor under the age of 18 residing in the state of California,
You have additional rights under California law. You may request removal of
any information or content You posted while under the age of 18. We cannot
ensure that removal of information You provided to the Service will be
complete or comprehensive but it will be complete and comprehensive on Our
part. In addition, if at any time You delete Your account, we can guarantee
complete removal of Your information from the Service.

####  

#### Notification Preferences

  

The settings page allows You to:

  * Choose how we communicate with You.

  * Change Your personal information, including rectifying, removing, or blocking incorrect data about You. 

  * Set privacy preferences for Your collection and wantlist.

  * Manage Your email messaging preferences.

  

We don’t send spam and do not permit spam on Discogs sites. We comply with the
CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (US).

  

#### Public Groups &amp; Forums

  

Information You post to the public areas of the Services (groups / forums /
searchable database) is not private, and is not protected under this Policy.
Please exercise caution when disclosing Your information in these areas. You
acknowledge that others not covered by this Policy will have access to your
public postings and We cannot be responsible for any subsequent use of data
contained in your public postings.

####  

#### Analytics &amp; Display Advertising, Cookies

  * We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. See our Cookie Policy for more information.

  * The Google Analytics features we've implemented are based on Displayed Advertising (e.g., Remarketing). We use Remarketing with Google Analytics and Hivewyre to advertise online. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.

  * Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet.

  * If You would like to opt-out You may use certain browser add-ons. Discogs’ Services will respect such browser settings as “do not track,” “private,” or the like from supported browsers. Opting out of receiving cookies or persisting cookies may affect certain functionality of the Services.

####  

#### Your Right to Access Your Personal Data

####  

#### You have a right to access Your personal data. To exercise this right,
please submit a request to compliance@discogs.com. Discogs may ask for
additional information to confirm Your identity prior to releasing any
information.

####  

#### Complaints

  

If You believe that Your privacy rights have been breached or that Your
Personal Information has been compromised as a result of using Discogs, please
complete and submit the Discogs privacy complaint form. In order to allow us
to fully investigate Your complaint, please provide all details requested on
the form. We will review Your complaint within 30 days of receipt and may
request additional information from You to complete our investigation.

  

For complaints related to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please contact
us at compliance@discogs.com.

  

#### Dispute Resolution

  

In the event that Discogs is unable to resolve any complaint or dispute that
You bring to its attention, You may contact an independent dispute resolution
body free of charge. Discogs has chosen JAMS as its independent recourse
mechanism. You can file a claim with JAMS at the following website:
https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim. In
some cases, You may be able to invoke binding arbitration.

  

#### General

  

We may amend this Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site
and notifying You of material changes to the Policy along with an opportunity
to opt-out of any changes that decrease Your rights under this Policy. All
non-material changes to our terms are effective on the effective date of this
policy. We encourage You to review this Policy from time to time. By
continuing to use the Services after being notified of a material change you
will be deemed to have accepted the changes.

  

If you would like to review, suppress, delete, or update Personal Information
that You have previously provided to Discogs, please contact us through our
support request form. In your request, please make clear what information you
would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal
Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what
limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information that
you have provided to us. We will try to comply with your request as soon as
reasonably practicable.

  

In the event that Discogs goes through a business transfer such as a
consolidation, merger, restructuring, acquisition, or sale of part or all of
Our assets, You acknowledge and consent to the transfer of Your information.
You further acknowledge and consent to the continued use of Your information
by the recipient following the transfer so long as they comply with this
Policy.

  

Discogs is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal
Trade Commission in connection with its Privacy Shield compliance.

  

#### Contact Us

  

You can contact us about this Policy via our support request form or at
compliance@discogs.com.

  
  

* * *

Did you find it helpful? Yes No

Send feedback

Sorry we couldn't be helpful. Help us improve this article with your feedback.

### Related Articles

