Skip to main content

toggle menu

  * Home
  * Shows
  * Superstars
  * Tickets &amp; Events
  * Shop
  * WWE Network

grid view

LANGUAGES

  * English
  * German
  * Spanish
  * Arabic

MORE ON WWE

    * WrestleMania
    * Corporate
    * Careers
    * Community
    * Contact
    * Worldwide
    * WWE Music
    * WWE Studios

FOLLOW US

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Instagram
  * Google Plus
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

  * Privacy Policy
  * Copyright
  * Terms &amp; Conditions
  * FAQ
  * Redeem Gift Card
  * Security

Enter the terms you wish to search for.

##  Featured Videos

Don't miss the first-ever Extreme Rules Fatal 5-Way Match this Sunday at WWE
Extreme Rules A battle that could change the course of the New Era forever is
set to be waged to determine the new No. 1 contender to Universal Champion
Brock Lesnar, this Sunday at 8 ET/5 PT, streaming live on WWE Network.
06/01/2017 - 10:46

* * *

Dean Ambrose will lose the Intercontinental Title if he gets disqualified this
Sunday At WWE Extreme Rules this Sunday at 8 ET/5 PT, The Lunatic Fringe will
lose the Intercontinental Championship to The Miz if he gets himself
disqualified. 06/01/2017 - 10:43

* * *

Alexa Bliss will battle Bayley in a Kendo Stick on a Pole Match for the Raw
Women's Title this Sunday Bayley will challenge The Wicked Witch of WWE for
the Raw Women's Championship in an extreme showdown, this Sunday at 8 ET/5 PT,
streaming live on WWE Network. 06/01/2017 - 10:38

* * *

Prepare to go to the Extreme this Sunday at WWE Extreme Rules This Sunday at 8
ET/5 PT, the Superstars of Raw will throw caution to the wind at WWE's most
Extreme pay-per-view of the year, streaming live on WWE Network. 06/01/2017 -
10:34

* * *

Triple H vs. Brock Lesnar - Steel Cage Match: Extreme Rules 2013 (Full Match -
WWE Network Exclusive)

The WWE COO and The Beast look to settle their score in a Steel Cage Match:
Courtesy of the award-winning WWE Network.

06/01/2017 - 09:45

* * *

The Shield vs. Evolution - Six-Man Tag Team Match: Extreme Rules 2014 The
Shield's battle with Evolution spills into the WWE Universe, causing Seth
Rollins to risk it all to help The Hounds of Justice topple Evolution.
05/30/2017 - 14:18

Alexa Bliss, Emma and Nia Jax get extreme in new photo shoot

Raw Women's Champion Alexa Bliss, Emma, and Nia Jax get ready for WWE Extreme
Rules in this dangerous new photo shoot.

05/31/2017 - 18:15

Watch the updated opening for WWE NXT

Check out the latest version of WWE NXT's exciting, head-rocking introduction.

05/31/2017 - 21:00

* * *

Killian Dain issues a warning to No Way Jose: WWE.com Exclusive, May 31, 2017
SAnitY's Beast of Belfast reacts to the news that he will face the newly
returned No Way Jose next week on NXT. 05/31/2017 - 14:33

Roderick Strong & Kassius Ohno vs. Eric Young & Alexander Wolfe: WWE NXT, May
31, 2017 Roderick Strong teams with Kassius Ohno to fight back two of SAnitY's
most unhinged members. Video courtesy of the award-winning WWE Network.
05/31/2017 - 14:32

* * *

Cezar Bononi celebrates his upset win against Andrade "Cien" Almas: WWE.com
Exclusive, May 31, 2017 WWE Performance Center standout Cezaro Bononi is all
smiles following his stunning upset victory over Andrade Almas. 05/31/2017 -
14:34

Cezar Bononi vs. Andrade "Cien" Almas: WWE NXT, May 31, 2017 The ever-cocky
Andrade "Cien" Almas takes on a very game Cezar Bononi. Video courtesy of the
award-winning WWE Network. 05/31/2017 - 14:30

* * *

Tommaso Ciampa reveals why he betrayed Johnny Gargano: WWE NXT, May 31, 2017
Tommaso Ciampa explains why he ended #DIY at NXT TakeOver: Chicago, injuring
former partner Johnny Gargano in the process. Video courtesy of the award-
winning WWE Network. 05/31/2017 - 14:29

* * *

Watch the chaotic brawl between SmackDown LIVE's women unfold in slow-motion:
WWE.com Exclusive, May 31, 2017

See the carnage that led to the first-ever Women's Money in the Bank Ladder
Match in slow-motion.

05/31/2017 - 18:15

See why every second counts when Cruiserweights collide on Raw: WWE.com
Exclusive, May 30, 2017 Relive the spectacular Cruiserweight tag team bout
pitting Austin Aries &amp; Gentleman Jack Gallagher against Neville &amp; TJP
in this eye-popping slow-motion video, captured during the May 29, 2017,
edition of Raw. 05/31/2017 - 13:17

Jinder Mahal reacts to facing Randy Orton at WWE Money in the Bank; WWE.com
Exclusive May 31, 2017

Accompanied by Samir &amp; Sunil Singh, the WWE Champion tells the people of
India what he plans to do after facing The Viper at WWE Money in the Bank.

05/31/2017 - 12:15

Top 10 SmackDown LIVE moments: WWE Top 10, May 30, 2017

WWE Top 10 takes you back to this week's SmackDown LIVE to revisit the show's
most thrilling, physical and controversial moments.

05/31/2017 - 11:45

Kofi Kingston vs. Dean Ambrose - United States Title Match: Extreme Rules 2013
(Full Match - WWE Network Exclusive)

United States Champion Kofi Kingston defends his title against Dean Ambrose:
Courtesy of the award-winning WWE Network.

05/30/2017 - 20:15

* * *

Women's Money in the Bank Ladder Match participants talk trash: WWE Talking
Smack, May 30, 2017 (WWE Network Exclusive)

The participants in the first-ever Women's Money in the Bank Ladder Match pull
no punches when they come face to face on Talking Smack. Courtesy of the
award-winning WWE Network.

05/31/2017 - 00:15

* * *

Mustafa Ali vs. Drew Gulak: WWE 205 Live, May 30, 2017 Seeking retribution
after being taken out of action at the hands of Drew Gulak and Tony Nese,
Mustafa Ali squares off with Gulak in singles competition. 05/31/2017 - 00:07

* * *

WWE

##  

###

grid view

+ show caption

0/0

0/0

###  related galleries view all +

related galleries

Back to Gallery

Previous Next

Back to Gallery

  * Privacy Policy
  * Copyright
  * Terms &amp; Conditions
  * FAQ
  * Redeem Gift Card
  * Security

## Privacy Policy

World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. Privacy Policy  
Updated May 18, 2017  

### Introduction

The websites http://network.wwe.com/, https://shop.wwe.com/,
https://euroshop.wwe.com/, http://auction.wwe.com/,
https://shopexpress.wwe.com/, www.wwe.com, www.WWEToughEnough.com and our WWE
Mobile Application (collectively, the “Services”) you have entered are owned
and operated by, or on behalf of, World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. or its
affiliates (collectively, "WWE", "we" or "us"). This Privacy Policy applies to
the Services unless we have posted a special Privacy Policy to a particular
website, in which case the special Privacy Policy terms apply to that website
or service to the extent that they are different from this Privacy Policy.

Please note that this Privacy Policy contains capitalized words or phrases.
These words and phrases are defined terms. Their definitions are found either
in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use").
To help you use this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, we have made some
words, phrases and headings into hyperlinks. These words, phrases and headings
have color highlighting.

WWE has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and
our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program
viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal. If you
have questions about our privacy practices or Privacy Policy, please contact
us at privacy@wwe.com.

The TRUSTe certification covers our collection, use and disclosure of
information we collect through the Services.

If you have a privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed
satisfactorily in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@wwe.com.
If your concern remains unresolved, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog.

WWE wants to help you make the most of your use of our Services, and that
includes helping to protect your personal privacy. Most of the features on our
Services are offered without collecting any Personal Information (defined
below) from you; however, some features require you to provide your Personal
Information. For example, when you make a purchase or sign up for a paid
service (such as in the WWE Shop), you are required to submit Personal
Information in connection with our providing various products and services to
you. You may also submit content of your own in areas of our Services, and
some of that User-Generated Content may contain Personal Information. For
those aspects of our Services that do require us to collect Personal
Information or allow voluntary submission of Personal Information, this
Privacy Policy will offer suggestions on how to make good decisions for
yourself and your family.

This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect, use, share, and
safeguard information from our Services. The Personal Information we collect
depends on what you do when you visit our websites or use the various products
or services we offer. This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do
not want to provide Personal Information when you use our Services, and how to
correct, change or delete some information you have already provided to us.

By using these Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy
Policy, please do not use our Services or provide your Personal Information to
us.

As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information
by which a particular natural person is reasonably identifiable.

Personal Information includes, for example, a first name or initial and last
name; a home or other physical address; a date of birth; an e-mail address or
other online contact information; or a telephone number. When Personal
Information is collected, you will often know because you will be providing it
to us; for example, you may fill out a form on the website or submit
information via your account or profile, or in connection with requesting
various products or services. When you make a purchase or sign up for a paid
service, we will also collect additional Personal Information such as your
credit or debit card information or information concerning any other payment
mechanism we accept (“Payment Information”). We will use your Personal
Information (including your Payment Information) as described in this Privacy
Policy and will use your Payment Information to process and complete the
transactions you have requested.

### Children

WWE is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children
who may visit our Services. We encourage parents to spend time online with
their children, become familiar with the features of our Services and
participate in the activities offered on our Services. For more information on
getting involved in your children's online activities, please go to our WWE
Parents site. Our protections for the privacy of children include the
following:

We do not knowingly solicit, collect, use or retain any Personal Information,
for any purpose whatsoever (including internal or external marketing or
promotional purposes), from visitors to these Services who are under the age
of 13. In addition, we will delete any records of such Personal Information
that come to our attention.

We do not allow visitors who we know are under the age of 13 to be listed in
any directory of registered users, to participate in any of our chat services,
to register for contests, sweepstakes, promotions, or newsletters, or to
receive direct marketing from WWE or from our third-party affiliates or
service or product providers.

We do collect Personal Information as part of registration processes so that
users can obtain certain services, such as newsletters, and so that they can
set up accounts or profiles. WWE’s Terms of Use expressly prohibit persons
under the age of 13 from opening such accounts or profiles. We do not
knowingly allow children to register and our Services may employ features and
procedures that are intended to help prevent under-age registrations. If we
believe that a person who is under the age of 13 has registered with us or set
up a profile, account, or has otherwise provided information to us without our
knowing the person was a child, we may terminate that registration and
undertake commercially reasonable efforts to delete any Personal Information
we have obtained, including all content from any profile or account.

We recommend that minors who are age 13 or older consult with their parents
before sending any information about themselves over the internet.

If we believe a person is under the age of 18, we also retain the right to
refuse to process or delete their Personal Information and any Personal
Information which they might provide in respect of anyone else, or to stop
them from participating in any related features or services, unless they are
able to prove to our reasonable satisfaction that they are over the age of 18
or have any (if any) appropriate parental consent to provide Personal
Information to us.

### Special Note to Parents

If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information
at one of our Services, we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the
information from our records and discontinue any related features or services
(see "Opt-Out" below). We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to
provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children.

### Social Media Features

Our Services include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button.
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our
site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social
Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted
directly on our site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by
the privacy policy of the company providing it.

### Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider

You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or
an OpenID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide
you the option to share certain Personal Information with us such as your name
and e-mail address to pre-populate our sign-up form. Services like Facebook
Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our
Services to your profile page to share with others within your network.

### Collection of Personal Information

WWE collects Personal Information from users of our Services in a number of
ways. These may include the following:

  * Subscriptions to our free newsletters, which include updates, special offers and promotions from WWE's various entities, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
  * Participation in contests and sweepstakes.
  * Registrations to receive free downloadable desktop applications (e.g., screensavers).
  * Registrations to send electronic greeting cards.
  * Registrations for individual accounts or profiles.
  * Purchases of merchandise, WWE Network subscriptions, and any other products or services currently offered.
  * E-mail transmitted via various links on our Services.
  * Use of the Services, such as links clicked and items placed in your shopping cart.
  * Registrations for Single Sign-On or other accounts.

The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary; however,
if you do not provide the Personal Information requested, you might not be
able to register or we may elect to not make the related services available
for your use. If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal
Information, we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and,
if appropriate, share it with other interested parties (such as manufacturers
of merchandise you have purchased from a website).

In each case where you submit Personal Information to us via one of our
Services, you will be transmitting your Personal Information for processing in
the United States of America, where World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. is
headquartered. Your Personal Information may also need to be transferred, and
processed, in other locations outside of your home country. For more
information on this, please see the section below entitled: Worldwide
Transfers and Processing of Personal Information

If you send us an e-mail, you should know that e-mail is not necessarily
secure against interception. So, if your communication needs to include
sensitive information like your Payment Information or social security number,
please contact us by postal mail or telephone (see "Contact Us" below) rather
than e-mail.

We collect your location-based information for the purpose of detecting your
location so that we may serve you the correct version of the application, (for
instance country, state, city and/or zip code) and display targeted
advertising and relevant data to you. Examples of ways in which we use your
location-based information include, without limitation, to verify that you are
in in a region that is allowed to view WWE Network content, display what
events are near you, serve relevant advertising to you, target push
notifications/alerts and determine what is shown in the main navigation. We do
not use location services to collect any data.

We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole
purpose of providing you the Services. If you no longer wish to allow us to
track your location-based information in the Mobile App you may turn this off
at the device level. If you no longer wish to have location-based information
collected for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by
clicking here. If you are in the EU, please click here. Please note this does
not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive
generic ads.

We may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests on our Services.
If you participate, we will request certain Personal Information from you.
Participation in these contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have
a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested
information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping
address), and demographic information (such as city, state, zip code). We also
use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes.

We may also request a video submission containing your physical likeness,
height, weight and other Personal Information you voluntarily disclose in the
video. We may display user-created video submissions, the user's name, self-
identified "nickname" and location (city, state and country) on our Services.
Such submissions may be posted to the website and will be visible to other
users and visitors of the Services.

### Tracking Technologies

Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, scripts, and similar
technologies are used by WWE, our affiliates and advertising partners and our
partners who serve content on our Services. For more information about the
Tracking Technologies we use read our Cookie Policy. To manage Flash cookies,
please click here.

We do not respond to browser do-not-track signals at this time.

### Log Files

As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically
through our Services and store such information in log files. This information
may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp,
and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to
other information we collect about you.

### Push Notifications

We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about
any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to
receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device
level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect
certain information about your device such as operating system and user
identification information.

### Worldwide Transfers and Processing of Personal Information and Consent

All Personal Information that WWE collects through the Services is transferred
to, and accessed from, jurisdictions, including the United States where World
Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. has its international headquarters.

Your Consent Declaration

By accepting this Privacy Policy, you consent to having your Personal
Information transferred to, and accessed from, any location worldwide,
including the United States for the purpose of providing the Services of WWE.
You also consent to having your Personal Information processed and maintained
in any location worldwide, including the United States for these purposes. You
acknowledge that other jurisdictions may have laws that are different than the
laws of your home country.

For visitors to our Services who are based within the European Union, this
will involve the processing of your Personal Information outside of the
European Economic Area, (the “EEA”). If you do not wish your Personal
Information to leave the European Economic Area, or your home country, please
do not provide your Personal Information via the Services. If you have already
provided your Personal Information, and you require us to stop processing your
Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@wwe.com. If you provide
your information you are aware that certain governmental authorities may have
access to your Personal Information stored in the United States in accordance
with your consent. The legal protections and other rights available to those
affected in the event of such access by governmental authorities may be
different compared to the protection provided in the EEA countries and may not
entirely reflect standards imposed under European law. This includes the fact
that governmental authorities may request access to your Personal Information
without allowing WWE to inform you of such access, and that such requests for
(and grants of) access may not be subject to equal limitations with regard to
necessity and purpose as would be in effect under European law. Furthermore,
governmental authorities may subject your Personal Information to further
processing and such further processing may not be subject to equal limitations
with regard to necessity and purpose as would be in effect under European law.
Finally, you are aware that governmental authorities in the United States may
not be subject to the same types or degree of public control by other
authorities or courts as present under European law.

### How We Use Your Information

We limit the manner in which your Personal and Payment Information is used. We
will use the Personal and Payment Information you provide only in a manner
that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If we obtain Personal or Payment
Information from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that
information is also governed by this Privacy Policy. We use Personal and
Payment Information for purposes such as: providing you the products and
services you want; administering or enforcing transactions you have requested;
protecting your accounts from fraud, unauthorized access, or identity theft;
verifying your identity in connection with transactions you have requested;
managing our business and protecting our interests; and as set out in our
Terms of Use. We may also use Personal Information (but not Payment
Information) to allow users of the Services to use a single set of credentials
to access the Services, better understand and serve the needs of the WWE
community, and to provide news and information to you and community members on
new content, products, services, and features of WWE and/or our Services
including, without limitation, via direct e-mail. We may use the Personal
Information and other information we collect from you (such as information
about your use of the Site, if allowed by applicable law) to send you
marketing emails and other offers we believe may interest you. For example, if
you leave our Site without purchasing items that you have placed in your
shopping cart, we may send you an email reminding you about your saved items.
Where permitted by (and in compliance with) laws of your jurisdiction
(including laws requiring your consent to third party marketing uses of your
Personal information), we may also permit select third parties to provide you
with information about goods or services which we feel may interest you, via
direct e-mail or otherwise. If you do not want to be contacted in the future
by WWE or our advertising partners, please indicate this by not ticking the
relevant boxes presented to you on the relevant registration page or otherwise
contact us at privacy@wwe.com. For more information, please see the section
entitled Managing Your Preferences" below.

We may share Personal and Payment Information with our service providers to
assist us with any of the purposes set forth above (which, for example, might
include disclosures to attorneys, accountants, auditors, credit bureaus, data
processors, payment processors, and technical systems consultants) to the
extent necessary or appropriate for them to perform their services to us. In
that connection, we may report information about your account(s) to credit
bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies. By way of example, if you order a
product or service from us or register for one of our contests, promotions, or
interactive services, WWE may share Personal Information with other service
providers, suppliers and other third parties (for example, sweepstakes
sponsors or delivery services) that assist us in operating the websites or
providing the products or services.

We may share Personal and Payment Information in the event that (i) we sell or
buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data
to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, or (ii) if WWE
or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which
case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the
transferred assets.

We do not share your Personal Information to third parties except as described
in this Privacy Policy or as permitted under applicable law.

Please note that we will release your Personal or Payment Information if
required to do so by law, search warrant, subpoena, court order or other legal
process. WWE may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if we have
a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to detect or
prevent fraud or to protect the rights, property, health or personal safety of
WWE, WWE employees, our third party licensors, customers or the public. We may
also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if you or your legal
representative authorizes us to do so, or if it is necessary to perform credit
checks or collect or report debts owed to us.

### Links to Third Party Websites/Mobile Applications

Our Services contain or may contain certain hyperlinks to other third party
websites or mobile applications, some of which may display WWE's logos or
other WWE content. These websites and mobile applications may have privacy
policies; however, all of these websites, mobile applications and their
privacy policies are independent of our websites or this Privacy Policy. WWE
is not responsible for compliance with other websites' or mobile applications'
privacy policies or data collection practices. You should review these privacy
policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these websites
or mobile applications.

### Third Party Ad Servers and Advertisements

Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to you by DoubleClick, or by
other third party advertising companies. Information about your visits to our
websites and third party websites, such as number of times you have viewed an
ad, date/time at which the ads were shown, the advertisers' cookies (browser
or Flash) or other technologies, and the IP address of the computer you use is
used to serve ads to you on our websites. We do not have access to the cookies
that may be placed by our third party advertising companies. We share website
usage information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our
purposes, and for their purposes, which include – for example – managing and
targeting advertisements, measuring their effectiveness, and for market
research analysis. For these purposes, we and third-party advertising
companies we use may note the pages you visit on our sites. For more
information about DoubleClick, please see http://www.google.com/doubleclick/
and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.

### Limitations on Use of Personal Information

We will use or retain your Personal Information only in accordance with the
terms of this Privacy Policy or as allowed by applicable law. In general, we
strive to keep Personal Information only for so long as is needed to fulfill
your requests, support Single Sign-On and the services you have requested,
process your orders, or comply with the law, although we reserve the right to
keep it for a longer period of time, if necessary.

### Security of Personal Information

We take what we believe to be appropriate physical, administrative and
technical precautions in an effort to create security for your Personal
Information, including the use of Transport Layer Security technology to help
protect the transmission of Payment Information.

### Managing Your Preferences

In general, features on our websites requiring registration allows you to
either opt-in or opt-out from receiving updates, special offers, promotions,
marketing or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates or
advertising partners. You can reverse your decision any time by following the
unsubscribe instructions contained in the e-mail communications you receive.
In addition, if after registering you would no longer like to receive such
information, click here and sign into your account. After signing in, select
My Preferences. Below the Superstars are the e-mail preferences. Clicking
Uncheck All and Save Changes will remove you from all of our mailing lists.
Indicate your preference to "unsubscribe," and we will remove you from our
list. Alternatively, please contact us at privacy@wwe.com with your request.
In each case please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the
e-mail, and all other relevant information, so that we can properly action
your request and remove that information from our list.

We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our
websites and mobile application or to manage our advertising on other sites.
To learn more, please read our Cookie Policy.

### Access/Correct/Update/Delete Personal Information

If you would like to know what Personal Information WWE has concerning you,
send an e-mail to privacy@wwe.com. We will be in contact with you (by mail or
otherwise) to verify your identity and provide you the information you
request. We will respond within 30 days to your request for access to your
Personal Information. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your
Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to
do so and why. Even if we are able to make your content no longer visible,
this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content or
personal information from the Internet as third parties may retain screen
shots and/or share your video on other websites.

If you would like to correct or update your Personal Information, click here
and sign into your account. If you would like to delete your account or remove
your information from our blog or community forum, send an e-mail to
privacy@wwe.com.

However, any information that has been posted as a comment or blog, gallery,
or forum entry cannot be deleted by users and may be seen by others. WWE
reserves the right to delete any User-Generated Content that it determines is
no longer of relevance to the community, to free up memory or for any other
reason in its discretion.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

WWE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide
to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here and we will
change the "Updated" date at the top of this page. If we make any material
changes we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in
your account) or by means of a prominent notice on this site prior to the
change becoming effective. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to
stay informed.

### Contact Us

If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please send
an e-mail to privacy@wwe.com.

You may also contact at us by postal mail or telephone at:

WWE Member Services  
1241 East Main Street  
Stamford, CT 06902  
(203) 352-8600

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Instagram
  * Google Plus
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

  * WrestleMania
  * Corporate
  * Careers
  * Community
  * Contact
  * Worldwide
  * WWE Music
  * WWE Studios

  * Privacy Policy
  * Copyright
  * Terms &amp; Conditions
  * FAQ
  * Redeem Gift Card
  * Security

toggle menu

  * Home
  * Shows
  * Superstars
  * Tickets &amp; Events
  * Shop
  * WWE Network

languages

  * English

  * languages  Back 
  * English
  * German
  * Spanish
  * Arabic

Sign in

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Instagram
  * Google Plus
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

  * WrestleMania
  * Corporate
  * Careers
  * Community
  * Contact
  * Worldwide
  * WWE Music
  * WWE Studios

  * Privacy Policy
  * Copyright
  * Terms &amp; Conditions
  * FAQ
  * Redeem Gift Card
  * Security

