# We have reduced support for legacy browsers.

What does this mean for me? You will always be able to play your favorite
games on Kongregate. However, certain site features may suddenly stop working
and leave you with a severely degraded experience.

What should I do? We strongly urge all our users to upgrade to modern browsers
for a better experience and improved security.

We suggest you install the latest version of one of these browsers:

  * Download Google Chrome
  * Download Mozilla Firefox
  * Download Microsoft Edge
  * Download Apple Safari

No Thanks

### …

##  Kongregate

  *   * p0
  * l0
  * f
  * m
  * s
    * Settings
    * Sign Out ​

Sign in Register or Sign in: Username or email Password ​ Remember me Forgot
password?

  * Games

Categories

    
    * Top Rated
    * Action
    * Multiplayer
    * Hot New
    * MMO
    * Adventure &amp; RPG
    * My Favorites
    * Strategy &amp; Defense
    * Shooter
    * Upgrades
    * Tower Defense
    * Sports/Racing
    * Zombie
    * MMO
    * More Categories

  * Achievements

Badges

    
    * Recommended for Me
    * Action Badges
    * Rarest Badges
    * Racing Badges
    * Easiest Unearned
    * Puzzle Badges
    * Newest Badges
    * All Badges

Quests

    
    * All Quests

  * My Kong

Trending with Friends

    

Activity Feed

g Register or sign in to start receiving activity updates from around
Kongregate!

Forums

    
    * Kongregate
    * Game Forums
    * General Gaming
    * Technical Support
    * Game Programming
    * All Forums

  * Dev

    * ### Host Your Game on Kongregate

An open platform for all web games! Get your games in front of thousands of
users while monetizing through ads and virtual goods.

Find documentation and support to get you started.

Upload Your Game

    * ### Our Publishing Program

With our publishing program, we can help get your games to millions of users
on multiple platforms!

Also check our developers blog, where we publish new content weekly on
game/data analysis, engineering and design insights, and more.

Visit Our Developers Site

  *     ​

    * ​

    * see more results » {"url":"/search"}

X Complete Initialization for 10 kreds 15%

« Previous

Next »

Congratulations! You've completed your Kongregate account!

Keep exploring Kongregate with more badges and games!

Hide the progress bar forever? Yes No

# Kongregate Privacy Policy

If you're reading this, it's because you want to know: (1) what information
we, Kongregate, Inc., are collecting on www.kongregate.com, from Kongregate
mobile games, or through social media sites such as Facebook; (2) what we're
doing with the information we collect; and (3) what your options are related
to the information we collect. If you have any questions or concerns after
reading this, please email us at support@kongregate.com.

This Privacy Policy applies to the Kongregate website located at
www.kongregate.com ("Site"), all mobile games published by Kongregate ("Mobile
Applications"), and Kongregate games that can played through social media
sites such as Facebook ("SM Games"). It also applies to information we collect
about you offline, such as in telephone calls or through email correspondence.

By accessing the Site and/or the Mobile Applications, or playing SM Games, you
agree to and accept this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective as
of December 2, 2015. In the future, our Site, Mobile Applications, and/or SM
Games practices may change, and if appropriate, we will revise this Privacy
Policy to reflect the changes, and you agree that the information we collect
will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect that
information. We'll post the updated version here and may contact you with
notices concerning our Privacy Policy. In addition, we suggest that you review
this Privacy Policy periodically, as it may be updated from time to time.

## Information We Collect

Information You Provide on Site: You provide certain personally identifiable
information (such as your name and email address) to Kongregate when choosing
to participate in various activities on the Site such as chat, posting
messages in the games comment section or in our forums, sending feedback,
entering contests, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or
other mailing lists. Such information, and additional information (such as
address and credit or debit card information) may be collected when uploading
a game, or making a purchase.

You may choose to disclose information about yourself in our online chat
rooms, forums, game comments or in creating user "profiles". Information that
you disclose in these areas is public information, and will be accessible to
anyone who uses our Site. However, you may choose to have your profile page be
public or private. In the case where you chose to make your profile page
private, the information there (including challenges won, "my friends" list,
etc.) will only be visible to you.

Other Site Information We Track: The Site uses passive tracking technologies
to log information such as IP address, browser type, pages visited, and Site
usage (for example: what pages are accessed, how often, referring/exit pages
and URLs). We may also employ "cookies" or similar technologies such as web
beacons, match scripts, or pixel tags that provide additional functionality to
the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. You can set your
browser to reject cookies, but if you do, some features on our Site will not
function normally.

Invite a Friend: You may invite friends to join the Kongregate community by
using the "invite a friend" feature. You will be required to submit your name
and email address, as well as their name and email address. Your friend's
personal information that you submit in this feature will be used only to send
the email you request, and will not be otherwise stored or maintained by
Kongregate.

Information You Provide via Mobile Applications: You may have the option to
link your Mobile account to your Site account in certain Mobile Applications.
This will allow you to participate in content that crosses between the Site
and Mobile games, such as Kongregate level points and badges. If you choose
this linking option the information we receive via the Site may also apply to
Mobile Applications, and information we receive via your Mobile account may
also apply to your usage of the Site and your Site account.

Information We Receive Through Mobile Applications: If you play a Kongregate
game on a mobile device (such as your phone or tablet) we can collect mobile
device identifiers that can include things like your MAC address and IP
address. We may also collect information such as device name and type,
operating system, telephone number, country, and any other information you
choose to provide such as your game character name or e-mail address.
Additionally, we may access third party information such as your phone or
Facebook contacts provided you allow your device to connect to services and
you have given the application permission to access this information. We may
only collect this information with your authorization and according to the
rules you have established within your device permissions.

Mobile Application Notifications: With your consent, Kongregate mobile
applications may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game
information, news, updates, or other relevant information. You can manage
these updates from the ‘options’ or ‘settings’ page from within the Mobile
Application or from your device control panel that manages these
notifications.

Information We Receive From Social Media Sites: As previously noted, you can
play Kongregate games through social media sites such as Facebook. When you
play these SM Games, backend system vendors such as PlayFab
(https://playfab.com/privacy/) may collect certain pieces of information from
you such as player IDs, session information, and purchase data, as well as
personal information including email address, gender, and birthday and/or age
range. This collection of information is governed by backend system vendors’
and Facebook’s privacy practices. You should read those policies carefully
before playing SM Games. Backend system vendors may share with us information
it collects when you play SM Games on Facebook such as player IDs, session
information, and purchase data, as well as personal information including
email address, gender, and birthday and/or age range.

The information that backend system vendors receive about you when you play SM
Games may also depend on your privacy and/or other settings you have with
Facebook. If you want more details about what information Facebook shares via
games on its platform, you should review Facebook’s policies.

Do Not Track: Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in
their web browsers allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and
online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has
not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals, and,
therefore, Kongregate does not recognize DNT.

## How We Use This Information

We use the information we collect from the Site, Mobile Applications and SM
Games to respond to your requests and provide customer service, to remit
revenue share payments, process credit card payments, let you know about new
games and other news from Kongregate, ask for your input and feedback on what
we are doing, provide personalized services and recommendations, to make
certain offers available that we believe may be of interest to you, and as may
otherwise be described in this Privacy Policy or at the time that we collect
information from you.

We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-
personally identifiable Site usage data to improve the quality and design of
the Site, Mobile Applications, and SM Games, to make certain offers available
that we believe may be of interest to you, and to create new features,
promotions, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences
and trends.

We may also combine the information you submit to us with information we have
collected from you in other forums, such as through emails or offline, or with
publicly available information or information we obtain from third parties.
When so combined, we or our business partners may use the combined information
to make offers to you that we believe may be of interest to you.

## When We Might Disclose Information/Other Disclosures

As part of our regular business conduct, we may share information with
companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf, such as
companies providing technological or fulfillment services or acting as our
marketing partners. In the event that there is a change of corporate
ownership, the new owners will of course be provided with our files, including
information you have submitted. We will provide information in response to
subpoenas, and we also will share information with government officials,
including law enforcement officials or court authorities, in order to initiate
or cooperate with any law enforcement or governmental investigation.

Unless we tell you first (such as at the time we collect information from
you), or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have
elected to participate, we do not share personally identifiable information
that we have collected (such as name or email address) with other, third-party
companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes.

If you play SM Games through social media sites such as Facebook, your social
media "friends," other players, or other types of connections may, depending
on your social media privacy settings, be able to: (1) see certain personal
information about you; (2) view your game activity; and/or (3) communicate
with you or send you "friend" or other connection requests through the social
media service.

## Links and Third Parties

From time to time we may include on the Site, Mobile Applications and/or SM
Games links to other websites as a service to you. The third party sites are
operated by companies that are outside of our control, and your activities at
those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third
parties. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third
parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information, as we are
not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.

We sometimes work with third parties to add features, advertisements, or
offers to our Site, Mobile Applications, or SM Games. These third parties may
place cookies on your browser when you visit certain pages, or collect cookies
that they have previously placed, along with the URL of the page you visited.
We may have to pass these providers a non-personally identifiable user number
specific to your Mobile Application to properly credit your account.
Additionally, the Site, Mobile Applications, and/or SM Games may utilize third
party tracking services to anonymously analyze your usage activity, which will
be used to improve the Site, Mobile Application, and SM Games experiences. We
do not control those third parties or their use of data. In some cases we may
provide tools for you to limit data sent to third parties. This Privacy Policy
does not cover those third parties’ use of data.

To personalize the Site, and to simplify the registration process, we give you
the option to link your account with Facebook. When you link your account,
Facebook may share data about you with us, and we may share information about
you with Facebook. In addition, Kongregate users who are your friends on
Facebook will be shown your Kongregate username if you have both linked your
Facebook accounts. For more detail on how this feature works, please see our
FAQ.

## Security

We strive to maintain the security of your personal information through a
variety of security measures. We urge you to protect your password by not
sharing it with anyone else, and to take measures to prevent it from
unauthorized access or disclosure. For example, select number and letter
combinations that would be difficult for a third party (or hacking program) to
determine, and do not write down your password next to your computer. To learn
more about how to protect yourself online, we encourage you to visit the
government's website at www.onguardonline.gov.

## Children’s Privacy

The Site, Mobile Applications, and SM Games are designed for and directed at
people 18 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect information from
children under 13. If Kongregate learns that a child under the age of 13 has
submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these
measures, it will terminate access to the account immediately and will take
all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to
not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect
the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law). If you become
aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13,
please contact us at support@kongregate.com.

For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet, we
recommend that you visit the following sites:

  * www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html
  * www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm
  * www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents

## Right to Remove Posted Information — California Minors

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered
account on the Site, Mobile Applications, or through the SM Games, you have
the right to request removal of unwanted information that you publicly post on
the Site, Mobile Applications, or through the SM Games. To request removal of
such information, you can contact Kongregate using the email address
associated with your account at support@kongregate.com stating that you reside
in California. Upon receiving such a request, Kongregate will make sure that
the information is not publicly available on our Site, Mobile Applications, or
through our SM Games, but the information may not be completely or
comprehensively removed from all Kongregate systems. Please note that any
removal of content by Kongregate does not ensure or guarantee complete or
comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been
shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require
maintenance of the content or information. There may be places, especially if
the content is posted on a social media site, that Kongregate has no control
over and therefore cannot remove the content.

## Your Options

If you are receiving Kongregate email advertisements and no longer wish to
receive those email messages, you may opt out at the time you receive the
message by following the instructions in that email. Please allow ten (10)
days for your request to be processed.

If you wish to review, edit or delete information you have provided to
Kongregate, you may access your account information on the Site at any time by
clicking on your username at the top of the Site homepage.

If you wish to edit or manage the information Kongregate receives from social
media sites, you need to follow the applicable instructions at the specific
social media site. For example, Facebook’s relevant policy in this regard can
be found here: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation. Please note that
once Kongregate receives any personal information from a social media site as
a result of a user playing SM Games, it will be stored and handled in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.

If you do not agree with the privacy practices described in this Privacy
Policy, it may be best to limit your level of interaction with our Site,
Mobile Applications, and/or SM Games, which could include simply not providing
us with personal information. While this will limit the services that our
Site, Mobile Applications, and/or SM Games are able to provide (chat, friends
lists, challenges, etc.), most of the games will remain playable. This option
may be best for those who do not wish to provide the mandatory information
required to set up an account.

For questions or concerns regarding the use of personal information you submit
to us, please contact us at support@kongregate.com.

Kongregate  
450 Sansome Street  
12th Floor  
San Francisco, CA 94111

Email Address

Send me updates

Password (min. 5 characters)

Date of Birth

January February March April May June July August September October November
December 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26
27 28 29 30 31 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951
1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966
1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981
1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996
1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
2012 2013 2014

Username (4-16 characters)

​

By clicking "Sign Up", you agree to adhere to our Terms of Service.  
  
Kongregate

  * Be a Facebook Fan
  * Follow Us on Twitter
  * About Us
  * Contact Us

  * Help/FAQ
  * Conduct Guidelines
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy

  * Games for Your Site
  * Link to Kongregate
  * Job Opportunities
  * Upload your Game

Language:

    Français
    Français
    English
    English
    Deutsch
    Deutsch

#### Kong Plus

Kong Plus

Get more out of your Kongregate experience. Take advantage of ad-free gaming,
cool profile skins, automatic beta access, and private chat with Kong Plus.
Learn more »

#### Score PowerUp Rewards® on Kongregate

Score PowerUp Rewards® on Kongregate

Did you know you can now score GameStop PowerUp Rewards® Points on Kongregate?
Find out how »

Kongregate Develoeprs Are you a game developer? Visit our Developers Site
where you can find documentation on our APIs and more information about
publishing opportunities to further promote your game. Learn More

  * The GameStop Network
  * GameStop.com
  * Game Informer
  * (C) 2017 Kongregate

X

Loading ​

