  * Home
  * Realistic
  * Themed
  * Simplistic
  * Other

# Privacy Policy

At www.minecrafttexturepacks.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme
importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal
information is received and collected by www.minecrafttexturepacks.com and how
it is used.

Log Files

Like many other Web sites, www.minecrafttexturepacks.com makes use of log
files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP )
addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time
stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends,
administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather
demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not
linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

Cookies and Web Beacons

www.minecrafttexturepacks.com does use cookies to store information about
visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user
access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or
other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on
www.minecrafttexturepacks.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to
serve ads to users based on their visit to www.minecrafttexturepacks.com and
other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie
by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following
URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
Our advertising partners include:  
Google Adsense

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the
advertisements and links that appear on www.minecrafttexturepacks.com send
directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when
this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons
) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness
of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that
you see. www.minecrafttexturepacks.com has no access to or control over these
cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad
servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for
instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
www.minecrafttexturepacks.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we
cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you
wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser
options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web
browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

#### Popular Resource Packs

  * John Smith Legacy
  * Ovo’s Rustic Pack
  * KayneCraft
  * Sugarpack
  * Smoothic
  * Soartex Fanver
  * Chroma Hills
  * Bluebird

#### Texture Pack Resolutions

  * 16×16
  * 32×32
  * 64×64
  * 128×128

#### Guides

  * Installing Minecraft Resource Packs

#### Minecraft Sites

#### Facebook

(C) 2017 ACTdesign | Resource Packs used with permission | This website is not
affiliated with Minecraft or Mojang in any way | Contact | Privacy Policy

