  * Live bei EurosportFrench Open - Alle Stars, alle Matches, alle Highlights LIVE im Eurosport Player

  * Sprache: DE
  * Suche

toggle menu

  * Eurosport

Eurosport-TV Livestream

Einloggen

Fußball

  * Startseite fußball
  * Transfers
  * Frauen-EM
  * Bundesliga
  * kicker-Talk
  * Champions League
  * Premier League
  * La Liga
  * The Emirates FA Cup
  * MLS
  * U20-WM
  * Europa League
  * WM-Qualifikation 
  * DFB-Pokal
  * Serie A
  * Ligue 1
  * 2\. Bundesliga
  * 3\. Liga
  * Copa Libertadores
  * Nationale Wettbewerbe
  * Internationale Wettbewerbe

Bundesliga

  * Startseite bundesliga
  * Spielplan/Ergebnisse
  * Tabelle
  * Torjäger
  * Bundesliga Manager

Tennis

  * Startseite tennis
  * ATP-Kalender
  * ATP-Weltrangliste
  * WTA-Kalender
  * WTA-Weltrangliste
  * Australian Open
  * French Open
  * Wimbledon
  * US Open
  * ATP NextGen
  * Davis Cup
  * Fed Cup

MotoGP

  * Startseite motogp
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * WM-Stand MotoGP

F1

  * Startseite f1
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * WM-Stände

Motorsport

  * Startseite motorsport
  * F1
  * MotoGP
  * WTCC
  * Formel E
  * Rallye
  * Superbike
  * Dakar
  * ERC
  * Formelsport
  * WEC
  * 24h von Le Mans

Radsport

  * Startseite radsport
  * Weltrangliste
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * Tour de France
  * Giro d'Italia
  * Vuelta a España

Wintersport

  * Startseite wintersport
  * Ski Alpin
  * Biathlon
  * Skispringen
  * Nordische Kombination
  * Skilanglauf
  * Rennrodeln
  * Eishockey
  * Chasing History 
  * Eiskunstlauf
  * Bob
  * Videos

Basketball

  * Startseite basketball
  * Bundesliga
  * NBA
  * Euroleague
  * Eurocup
  * Weltmeisterschaft
  * Weltmeisterschaft (D)
  * Europameisterschaft
  * Europameisterschaft (D)

Biathlon

  * Startseite biathlon
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * Gesamtstand Männer
  * Gesamtstand Frauen
  * Biathlon-WM

Golf

  * Startseite golf
  * World Ranking
  * European Tour
  * PGA TOUR
  * Masters
  * British Open
  * U.S. Open
  * USPGA

Handball

  * Startseite handball
  * 1\. Bundesliga
  * Champions League
  * Weltmeisterschaft
  * Weltmeisterschaft (D)
  * Europameisterschaft
  * Europameisterschaft (D)

Skilanglauf

  * Startseite skilanglauf
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * Gesamtstand Männer
  * Gesamtstand Frauen
  * Weltmeisterschaft

Leichtathletik

  * Startseite leichtathletik
  * Diamond League
  * Leichtathletik-WM
  * Hallen-WM
  * EM
  * Hallen-Europameisterschaften

Ski Alpin

  * Startseite ski alpin
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * Weltcupstände Männer
  * Weltcupstände Frauen
  * Ski-WM

Skispringen

  * Startseite skispringen
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * Tabelle
  * Weltmeisterschaft

Nord. Kombi

  * Startseite nord. kombi
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse
  * Weltcupstand
  * Weltmeisterschaft

FISU-Sport

  * Startseite fisu-sport 
  * Kalender/Ergebnisse

  *   * Startseite
  * Alle Sportarten
  * Favoriten
  * Videos
  * Mehr
  * AnsehenEurosport-TV Livestream
  *   * Sprache: DE

Bearbeiten

Wählen Sie hier Ihre Favoriten aus allen Sportarten, Events, Mannschaften und
Spielern

Sie haben aktuell keine Favoriten

Favoriten hinzufügen

Favoriten

Sports

Ereignisse

teams

Spieler

Beliebte Sportarten

Alle Sportarten

Alle Sportarten

  * Startseite
  * Fußball
  * Bundesliga
  * Tennis
  * MotoGP
  * F1
  * Motorsport
  * Radsport
  * Snooker
  * Wintersport
  * Basketball
  * Biathlon
  * Golf
  * Handball
  * Skilanglauf
  * Leichtathletik
  * Olympische Spiele
  * Fechten
  * Pferderennen
  * Pferdesport
  * Ski Alpin
  * Skispringen

Mehr

  * Buzz
  * TV-Programm

Partners

  * Games
  * Bundesliga Manager
  * Marokko - Investieren Sie in die Zukunft 

Über uns

  * Mobile Apps
  * Kontakt
  * Über Eurosport
  * Datenschutzrichtlinien
  * Nutzungsbedingungen

  * Folge uns auf:
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Snapchat
  * Instagram

  * News
  * Mobile Apps
  * Kontakt
  * Über Eurosport
  * Datenschutzrichtlinien
  * Nutzungsbedingungen

back

Eurosport

Präsentiert von

# EUROSPORT PRIVACY POLICY

Antoine Falligan

19/04/2017 um 17:28

  * 0
  * 0

## The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about our respective
rights and obligations relating to the collection and use of your personal
data, in order to provide you with the best experience possible when you
access or use our Services.

LEGAL FRAMEWORK

We comply with the European and French rules on the protection of individuals
with respect to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of
such data.

The reference texts are:

the French Data Protection Act, as amended, transposing the EU Data Protection
Directive into French law; and

the French Digital Economy Trust Act incorporating into French law the EU
e-Commerce Directive and the EU e-Privacy Directive, as amended by the
European Cookie Directive.

All processing of personal data by Eurosport and/or its subsidiaries has been
reported to the French data protection authority: Commission Nationale de
l'Informatique et des Libertés – CNIL – www.cnil.fr.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to services provided by any third parties
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, privative companies (whether or not
partners of Eurosport) and administrative or judicial authorities.

When you access or use the Services, Eurosport may collect and use information
about you: personal data you provide by filling in forms (see I), and
navigation data, which are collected by cookies (see II).

I. YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Personal data are information that enables you to be identified as an
individual or recognised directly or indirectly. Personal data include at
least some of the following: surname, given name, date of birth, sex, postal
address, email address, computer IP address, phone number, credit card number,
photograph, videos, and comments giving your contact details or personal and
confidential login and password.

You may be asked to provide personal data when you access our Services, for
instance if and when you:

create an account to join the Eurosport Community,

sign up for a newsletter,

subscribe to one of our Services,

make a purchase, e.g. a subscription to Eurosport Player,

enter an online competition run by us,

complete a survey, or

forward a link or content from our Services to one of your contacts.

Providing personal data may be mandatory for the use of some of our Services.

We collect and process personal data for the purposes of:

\- creating and managing your account,

\- enabling you to take advantage of features available on or through our
Services,

\- contacting you to notify you of any prize won by you in our competitions,

\- dealing with your enquires and requests,

\- providing you with information about the services we offer,

\- compiling statistics on visits to the various parts of our Services,

\- complying with the applicable legislation if you post comments or upload
materials to contribution areas that are moderated ex post facto (forums,
opinions, loading of any digital material, etc.),

\- identifying improper use of our Services.

Who may use your personal data?

Your personal data are collected when you subscribe to our Services. Your
personal data are intended for Eurosport, and may be disclosed to third
parties under certain conditions.

Eurosport

Your personal data may be used by Eurosport for the purposes of:

providing you with the Services for which you have registered and:

sending you any useful information about the Services via the contact details
you provided,

informing you of the terms and conditions of provision of our Services,

confirming receipt of your requests, or your registration for a Service, or
the performance, billing or completion of a Service; and

sending you offers and news about our Services (including Services other than
those, if any, to which you have subscribed) that we think might interest you,
unless you choose to opt-out of receiving all or some of this information by
following the opt-out instructions described below.

Your personal data may be:

disclosed and transferred by Eurosport to its subsidiaries, including foreign
subsidiaries, in order to enable you to access the Services and conduct the
above-mentioned activities; provided, however, that any transfer to a foreign
jurisdiction will be carried out in accordance with the applicable legislation
in order to ensure that your personal data is given a sufficient level of
protection; and transmitted to any contractor engaged now or in the future by
Eurosport to assist it in providing Services to you or to achieve one or more
of the purposes described above; provided, however, that your personal data
will remain under the control and direction of Eurosport.

Our partners, subject to your consent

Third parties may use your personal data, but only with your consent.

If you have opted in to receive offers from our selected partners by ticking a
box or otherwise manifesting your explicit willingness to receive such offers,
your data will be transmitted to the relevant partners so that they may send
you their product or service offers by email or, if applicable, SMS, and
continue to do so unless and until you opt-out of receiving such offers by
following opt-out instructions provided by the individual partners.

These partners are solely responsible for (i) the processing of your personal
data once they have been transmitted to them with your consent, (ii) complying
with all applicable legal requirements, and (iii) taking account of your
rights and dealing with any requests you make.

Third parties permitted by law

In certain circumstances provided for by law, your personal data may be
disclosed to third parties permitted by law on a specific request basis (e.g.
judicial or administrative authorities, your Internet service provider or a
third party (e.g. an advertising sales house, or another publisher) that has
placed a cookie in the browser directory of your computer’s hard drive.

We may also disclose your personal data to third parties where disclosure is
both legally permissible and necessary to protect or defend our rights,
enforce our GTCU or protect your rights of those of the public.

Should Eurosport be sold, in whole or in part, to a third party, we reserve
the right to transfer your personal information as part of the assets
transferred.

How can you access, change or delete your personal data?

You have the statutory right to access information about you that is held on a
computer, to object to the processing of such information and to have it
corrected or deleted.

The simplest way to exercise these rights is to send us an online request. You
can at any time access your personal information, change it or have it deleted
by:

\- logging in to your account with your user name and password and clicking on
the “My Profile” link; or

\- sending us an email , setting out your request in a manner enabling us to
respond effectively to it; or

\- clicking on a dedicated hypertext link in the messages we send you.

If you are unable to access, change or delete your personal information by the
above online methods, you may make your request by letter to:

Eurosport

Service Juridique - Nouveaux Médias

3 Rue Gaston et René Caudron

92798 Issy les Moulineaux Cedex 9

France

Your written request should be (i) signed, (ii) accompanied by a photocopy of
your passport or other official identity document bearing your signature and
(iii) include your reply address. A reply will be sent to you within two
months from receipt of your request.

N.B. We remind you that our partners are responsible for taking account of
your rights, including your right to opt-out of receiving offers from them.

You may, however, at any time opt-out of receiving offers from third parties
by logging in to your user account and changing the settings. If you had
previously opted in, your personal data will cease to be transmitted to our
partners from the time your request is processed. Your request will not,
however, apply retroactively to data transmissions carried out before your
request. In such case, you should contact the relevant third parties directly.

How long do we keep your personal information?

Your personal Information is stored by us and/or any contractors of our
choosing, strictly for the performance of our obligations and strictly for the
time necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information is collected,
in accordance with the applicable regulations, e.g. no more than three years
for information about customers and prospects as per Simplified Standard No 48
adopted by the CNIL by Resolution 2012-209 of 21 June 2012, and one year for
information about content creators.

Beyond those time frames, your personal data will be kept solely for
statistical purposes and will not be put to any use whatsoever.

How do we protect your personal information?

Your personal information is collected via a secure server. The secure server
software encrypts the information provided before transmitting it to us. In
addition, we have security procedures in place to protect the storage of and
prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, as required by the
French Data Protection Act. As part of our security measures, we may require
you to give proof of your identity before we disclosure any private
information to you.

II. YOUR NAVIGATION DATA

What are navigation data?

Your navigation data do not allow you to be identified personally. They only
allow the terminal you use to be identified.

Navigation data are information associated with the equipment, or terminal,
you use (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.), which can be collected and
stored in “cookie” files, according to your choices, as and when you access
and use the Services.

What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers downloaded on to your computer
when you access certain websites. Like virtual door keys, cookies unlock a
computer's memory and allow a website to recognise users when they return to a
site by opening doors to different content or services. Like a key, a cookie
itself does not contain information, but when it is read by a browser it can
help a website improve the service delivered.

Cookie files are automatically lodged into the cookie file \- the memory of
your browser - and each one typically contains:

The name of the server the cookie was sent from

The lifetime of the cookie

A value - usually a randomly generated unique number

The website server which sent the cookie uses this number to recognise you
when you return to a site or browse from page to page. Only the server that
sent a cookie can read, and therefore use, that cookie.

Source:  http://www.allaboutcookies.org/uk

Navigation data mainly consist of the type and version of the browser used by
your equipment (Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Opera, etc.), the
preferred language of the browser software installed on your equipment, the
type of operating system used (Windows, Mac Os, Linux, etc.), the IP (Internet
Protocol) address of a connected terminal, the URL (often beginning with
http://www.) of a web page specific to a particular terminal’s use of a
service, the identification and content of a cookie file stored in a terminal,
the date, time and duration of a terminal’s connection to an element of a
Service (a page, content, section, user account, etc.).

Some navigation data, such as your equipment’s IP address, are essential for
communication on the Internet.

Other navigation data must by law be kept by us to ensure the security of our
Services, to detect, prevent or track intrusion attempts and other malicious
activities, or breaches of our GTCU, or to respond to requests from third
parties permitted by law to request or require disclosure of navigation and
personal data of users of our Services. Such data may be, for instance, an IP
address, the date, time and duration of a terminal’s connection, the Service
used, the content accessed or downloaded, or a click on a feature our
Services.

Lastly, the recording of some navigation data helps us to tailor our Services
to your equipment and usage by adapting the content or display of the Services
to your equipment or preferences.

Who is likely to place cookies in your terminal, and for what purpose?

Eurosport

Eurosport may place cookies in your terminal for various purposes: to help you
to navigate our Services more easily, to administer and provide our Services
to you and to deliver better and more personalised Services.

The cookies we place enable us for instance:

\- to adapt the display format of the content and Services to your terminal,

\- to track your navigation in order to identify your preferences in terms of
content,

\- to offer you customised content based on your preferences identified via
your navigation data,

\- to display the items you have placed in your shopping basket, and

\- to recognise your terminal, so that you do not have to re-enter the same
information each time you access our Services.

We collect your navigation data as and when you access and use our Services.
These data are intended for us and may therefore be used by us and/or our
subsidiaries and/or our contractors on our behalf, in accordance with the
confidentiality and security obligations prescribed by law.

Third parties: service providers, partners, advertisers, advertising sales
houses

Third parties are likely to place cookies in your terminal.

We do not control the placing and use of cookies by third party companies.
These companies have their own privacy policies and data collection practices.
Please refer to each company’s privacy policy to better understand the
controls available to you.

The purpose of the third party cookies of which we are aware is to provide
audience-measurement and social-sharing functions and to customise content or
advertising.

Measurement: audience, traffic, technique

Audience-measurement cookies are used by third parties for us to obtain
information about your browsing patterns, so as to (among other things):

\- understand how you arrive at a website, and reconstruct your path;

\- count the number of visitors to a Service, website page and/or Service
content, with a view, in particular, to improving the content we offer;

\- compile traffic and/or conversion statistics;

\- follow up on invoicing by our partners (advertisers and SEM and Affiliate
Marketing firms) on our Service; and

\- access your user account.

These tools use technologies for tracking website users and associating a
‘referrer’ or campaign with a unique identifier.

Social media share buttons

We offer you the possibility to share content of the Services with other
people or render public your viewing or appreciation of such content by
clicking on [social media sharing buttons] such as Recommend (Facebook,
Google+), Tweet (Twitter) or Send by email.

Even if you do not use social media share buttons when visiting our Services,
the social networks that provided the buttons can identify you through them.
Indeed, the mere fact that your account with a social network is activated on
your terminal (open session) when you browse our Services can allow the that
network to monitor your navigation of our Services.

Advertising spaces

Cookies are likely to be placed in your terminal through advertising spaces on
our Services.

These cookies may be set at the level of the advertising content displayed in
our advertising spaces either by the advertisers themselves, or by their ad
serving providers (third party ad servers) such as communications
consultancies, audience measuring firms and targeted advertising providers:
the cookies are associated with the advertising content.

The main purposes for which advertisers and third party ad servers use cookies
are:

\- to count the number of displays of advertising content in our advertising
spaces, identify the advertisements displayed and calculate the amounts
payable to the various advertising stakeholders (communications agency,
advertising sales house, publishing medium, etc.);

\- to compile statistics;

\- to collect navigation data on terminals browsing the Services and, for
instance, limit the number of times an advertisement is displayed and/or
enable advertisements to appear in a precise order;

\- to recognise your terminal if and when you subsequently browse any third
party website or service on which these advertisers third party ad servers
also issue cookies and, if applicable, adapt these third party websites and
services, or the advertisements they show, to any navigation data from your
terminal that may be known to them; and

\- to determine whether a particular advertising campaign has produced the
desired results by keeping track of how many people clicked on the advertising
content or visited the advertiser’s website after seeing the advertisement on
our Services.

Cookies may also be placed in our advertising spaces by the company in charge
of managing our advertising spaces: the advertising sales house. These cookies
enable the advertising sales house:

\- to do the counting necessary to calculate the amounts to be paid to the
various advertising stakeholders and to compile statistics;

\- to customise the advertising spaces managed by it to your display
preferences on your terminal;

\- to customise the advertising content displayed on your terminal through our
advertising spaces to your browsing patterns and geographic location;

\- to customise the advertising content displayed on your terminal through our
advertising spaces to your browsing patterns on third party websites.

How long do cookies last?

There are two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are created temporarily in your browser's subfolder while you
are visiting a website and are automatically deleted when you leave the site.
Conversely, persistent cookies are re-activated when you return to the same
website, and remain in your browser's subfolder until they expire.

Generally, cookies have a maximum lifespan of 13 months.

How can you consent or object to cookies being placed in your terminal?

Cookies can be generated in various ways: depending on your preferences, you
can authorise, refuse or disable cookies. If you disable a cookie already
installed on your browser, it will not be active any more; however will
disappear from your browser only at the end of its lifespan. Please note that
blocking all cookies can render some of our Services unavailable to you or
have a negative effect on the performance, efficiency or customization of our
Services.

You can express your choices and change your wishes regarding cookies, via
your browser

Each browser is configured differently. You should follow the instructions
given by the publisher of your browser. As of the date of revision of this
Privacy Policy, these instructions are available through the following links:

If you use Internet Explorer:

http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies

If you use Safari:

http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11913

If you use Firefox:

https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/settings-privacy-browsing-history-do-not-
track

If you use Chrome:

https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&amp;hlrm=en

If you use Opera:

http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/en/cookies.html

If you use different terminals, make sure you configure the settings of the
corresponding browser according to your preferences.

Social media sharing buttons. The data protection policies of social networks
should allow you to exercise your choices regarding cookies, notably by
configuring your user account settings on each such network.

To find out more about cookies and obtain cookie management tools, please
visit the following websites:

http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/

http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/

https://www.ghostery.com/en/

http://www.iab.net/privacymatters/4.php

http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/

http://www.aboutads.info/choices/

Kommentare sind für diesen Artikel nicht verfügbar

Quoten präsentiert von Tipico

toggle menu

  * 0
  * 0
  *   * 0
  * 

Gesponsorte Top-Stories aus dem Web

Jetzt ansehen

Video - Wunderbare Geste: Del Potro tröstet weinenden Almagro

03:51

Meistgesehen

Juves größter Trumpf: Eroberer von Messis Gnaden

4 Mal angesehen • 5 Min.

Zack! Kyrgios macht Kleinholz aus seinem Racket

2 Mal angesehen • 6 Min.

Das könnte Dir auch gefallen

backback

  * Meine Favoriten
  * Mein Konto

Einloggen

Eurosport-TV Live, Anmelden, Favoriten wählen, News kommentieren

facebook

google

oder

Anzeigen

Passwort vergessen?

Anmelden

Kein Konto? Anmelden

Passwort vergessen?

Passwort zurücksetzen

Ich habe bereits einen Account

Anmelden

facebook

google

oder

Anzeigen

Mein Konto erstellen

Mit dem Klick auf "Anmelden" bestätigtst Du unsere Nutzungsbedingungen
inklusive der Cookie-Richtlinien.

Sie besitzen bereits ein Konto? Hier klicken!

Fast geschafft!

Wir haben gerade eine Mail geschickt an:

Klicke den Link an, um Deine Registrierung abzuschließen.

Ich stimme zuZugriff auf {0}

Ich habe keine Nachricht erhalten...

Email-Anfrage

Bestätigen

Zurück zum Login

Konto-Bestätigung

Anzeigen

Passwort vergessen?

Bestätigen

Zurück zum Login

