Ultimate Guitar UG Blog

Toggle navigation

  * Blog
  * About
  * What is the UG IQ?
  * What is the UG IQ Contest/Special?
  * Why songs are licensed?
  * Advertising information
  * Legal 

    * Privacy policy
    * Terms of Service
    * DMCA
    * Comment rules
    * Contest rules
  * 

# Privacy Policy Statement

For More Information, see our full Privacy Policy

## Privacy Statement

We are big on respecting your privacy, so we want to lay down this Privacy
Statement to explain (1) what info we get from you when you use our website or
apps, (2) how we may use your information, (3) your choices concerning how we
may use your information and (4) the security measures we take to protect your
information.

## Automatically Collected Non-Personal Info

When you visit Ultimate Guitar, certain non-personally identifying information
is recorded automatically by the standard operation of our servers in order to
make things work and to create a cool online experience for you.

## Personal Information You Provide To Ultimate Guitar

For example, you may provide info to us if you: (1) complete an online
registration form, (2) contact our customer support team, (3) fill out an
order form to request information; (4) register to participate in message
boards and chat rooms (if any) and other community features; or (5) purchase
any products or services from us.

## How Can Your Personal Information Be Used?

When you purchase products or services from Ultimate Guitar, we will use your
personal info to fulfill your order and for customer service. We will not
share your credit card information with a third party. We do not rent, sell or
share credit card information with promotional partners or other third
parties.

Ultimate Guitar keeps track of the pages you visit, what features and content
you use and how frequently. This information may be used by Ultimate Guitar to
improve your user experience; to generate and provide statistics regarding
your use of the Ultimate Guitar; to deliver customized content and advertising
within the Ultimate Guitar, and to develop new products and services.

When you give personal info to Ultimate Guitar in connection with a contest,
we may share that info with the contest sponsor in order to deliver a prize
that you won.

When you give personal info to Ultimate Guitar, we may ask you to allow us to
share that data (together with non-personally identifying information you may
provide) with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers. You can
always choose not to allow us to share your personal info with any other
companies outside Ultimate Guitar.

We may hire third party companies to provide services like analytics to
improve Ultimate Guitar’s features. These third parties may have access to
your personal information to the extent required to perform these tasks on our
behalf and but are not allowed to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

We may have links to third party-operated sites. Ultimate Guitar is not
responsible for the privacy and security practices of sites not in our
immediate control.

## How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information?

You can access, review, update and correct personal info by clicking on the My
Profile tab at the top of this page. If you prefer, you can also contact us by
sending an email to webmaster@ultimate-guitar.com

## Safeguarding Your Personal Information

Ultimate Guitar cares about the security of your Personal Information. We
follow generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use such
personal info. However, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that
information during its transmission or its storage in our systems.

## This is Not a Service for Kids

We are a general audience Service that does not knowingly collect data or
accept registrations from children under 13 years of age.

## International Operations and Transfers Out of Switzerland and the EEA

We may store information about users and visitors on servers located in the
United States, and we may also store this information on servers and equipment
in other countries. Personal Information collected within Switzerland and the
European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred to, and stored at, a
destination outside of Switzerland and the EEA.

## Cookies

We use “cookies” for things like saving your passwords and preferences for
you, keeping track of your transactions, and to help identify you whenever you
return. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when
a cookie is being sent. However, this may affect your user experience.

## How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or complaints about your privacy, you can contact
our customer service department at webmaster@ultimate-guitar.com.

## Changes in This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to modify, alter or otherwise update our privacy rules at
any time.

##  For More Information, see our full  Privacy Policy

This Privacy Statement was last updated on September 8, 2016.

  * Blog
  * About
  * Terms
  * Privacy
  * Advertise with
  * Help

