  * Home
  * News
  * Partners
  * Become a partner
  * Contact

  * Login
  * Register

Language:

  * English
  * Deutsch
  * Polski

LS Portal

High quality Farming Simulator 17 and Farming Simulator 2015 mods. We offer
latest FS17 mods, FS15 mods on a daily basis. Here you can download tractors,
combines, trailers, maps, tools and many more!

  * Farming Simulator 17
    * Tractors
      * Case
      * Challenger
      * Claas
      * Deutz/Same/Lamborghini
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * JCB
      * John Deere
      * Kirovets
      * Massey Ferguson
      * Mercedes Benz
      * MTZ/Belarus
      * New Holland/Fiat
      * Steyr
      * Ursus
      * Valtra
      * Zetor/ZTS
      * Other
    * Harvesters
      * Bizon
      * Case
      * Claas
      * Cutters and Cutter trailers
      * Deutz Fahr
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Massey Ferguson
      * New Holland
      * Other
    * Forage harvesters
      * Attachable
      * Claas
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Krone
      * New Holland
      * Other
    * Implements and Tools
      * Balers
      * Frontloader and telehandler
      * Cultivators and Harrow
      * Mowers
      * Ploughs
      * Sowing machines
      * Sprayers and fertilizer spreaders
      * Tedders and Windrowers
      * Weights
      * Other
    * Trailers
      * Bale transport
      * Big trailers
      * Standard trailers
      * Forage wagons
      * Liquid manure
      * Manure spreaders
      * Auger wagons
      * Sprayers and fertilizer spreaders
      * Other
    * Forestry equipment
    * Loaders and excavators
    * Swathers
    * Maps and Objects
      * Maps
      * Objects
      * Textures
    * Vehicles
      * Cars
      * Trucks
      * Other
    * Modpacks
    * Useful things
  * Home
  * Farming Simulator 15
    * Tractors
      * Case
      * Caterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz/Same/Lamborghini
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * JCB
      * John Deere
      * Kirovets
      * Massey Ferguson
      * Mercedes
      * MTZ/Belarus
      * New Holland/Fiat
      * Raba
      * Schlüter
      * Ursus
      * Valtra
      * Zetor
      * Other
    * Harvesters
      * Bizon
      * Case
      * Caterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz Fahr
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Massey Ferguson
      * New Holland
      * Cutters and Cutter trailers
      * Other
    * Forage harvesters
      * Attachable
      * Claas
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Krone
      * New Holland
      * Other
    * Implements and Tools
      * Balers
      * Frontloader
      * Grubber and Harrow
      * Mowers
      * Ploughs
      * Seeders
      * Sprayers
      * Tedders and Windrowers
      * Weights
      * Other
    * Trailers
      * Bale transport
      * Big trailers
      * Standard trailers
      * Forage Wagons
      * Liquid manure
      * Manure spreaders
      * Overloader
      * Sprayers
      * Other
    * Forestry equipment
    * Loaders and excavators
    * Swathers
    * Maps and Buildings
      * Maps
      * Textures
      * Objects
    * Vehicles
      * Cars
      * Traffic vehicles
      * Trucks
      * Other
    * Modpacks
    * Useful things
  * Farming Simulator 2013
    * Tractors
      * Case
      * Catterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz/Same/Lamborghini
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * JCB
      * John Deere
      * Kirovets
      * Massey Ferguson
      * Mercedes
      * MTZ/Belarus
      * New Holland/Fiat
      * Raba
      * Schlüter
      * Ursus
      * Valtra
      * Zetor
      * Other
    * Harvesters
      * Bizon
      * Case
      * Caterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz Fahr
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Massey Ferguson
      * New Holland
      * Cutters and Cutter trailers
      * Other
    * Forage harvesters
      * Attachable
      * Claas
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Krone
      * New Holland
      * Other
    * Implements and Tools
      * Balers
      * Frontloader
      * Grubber and Harrow
      * Mowers
      * Ploughs
      * Seeders
      * Sprayers
      * Tedders and Windrowers
      * Weights
      * Other
    * Trailers
      * Bale transport
      * Big trailers
      * Standard trailers
      * Forage Wagons
      * Liquid manure
      * Manure spreaders
      * Overloader
      * Sprayers
      * Other
    * Loaders and excavators
    * Swathers
    * Maps and Buildings
      * Maps
      * Objects
    * Vehicles
      * Cars
      * Traffic vehicles
      * Trucks
      * Other
    * Modpacks
    * Useful things
    * More Realistic Mods
  * Euro Truck Simulator 2
    * Cars
    * Interiors
    * Maps
    * Skins
    * Trailers
    * Trucks
    * Other
  * Upload mod

### Mod search

Search also in descriptions

# Cookies

#### What are cookies files

When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable.
Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing
small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or
mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used
to identify you personally.

These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for
example:

  * measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast,
  * storing data on voting,
  * providing advertising content with more tailored to user’s interests,
  * storing information on your language preferences.



#### Our use of cookies

We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about
you.

There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using our website:  
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to
provide information about usage of our site.  
Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies’ internet
tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Google, Facebook,
Youtube or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them. These
cookies are subject to their own privacy policies.



#### How to control and delete cookies

However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our
website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser
settings. The "Help" function within your browser should tell you how.

Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains
comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You
will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as
more general information about cookies.

Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of
our website.

If you wish to view your cookie code, just click on a cookie to open it.
You’ll see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your
identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the
cookie.

For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will
need to refer to your handset manual.

To opt-out of third-parties collecting any data regarding your interaction on
our website, please refer to their websites for further information.

### Search mod

Search also in descriptions

Select gameFarming Simulator 17Farming Simulator 15Farming Simulator 2013Euro
Truck Simulator 2

\-- Select mod type\-- Tractors\-- Harvesters\-- Forage harvesters\--
Implements and Tools\-- Trailers\-- Forestry equipment\-- Loaders and
excavators\-- Swathers\-- Maps and Objects\-- Vehicles\-- Modpacks\-- Useful
things

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Case\---- Challenger\---- Claas\----
Deutz/Same/Lamborghini\---- Fendt\---- Fortschritt\---- JCB\---- John
Deere\---- Massey Ferguson\---- Kirovets\---- Mercedes Benz\----
MTZ/Belarus\---- New Holland/Fiat\---- Ursus\---- Steyr\---- Valtra\----
Zetor/ZTS\---- Other

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Bizon\---- Case\---- Claas\---- Cutters and
Cutter trailers\---- Fendt\---- Fortschritt\---- John Deere\---- Massey
Ferguson\---- New Holland\---- Other

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Attachable\---- Claas\---- Fortschritt\----
John Deere\---- Krone\---- New Holland\---- Other

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Frontloader and telehandler\---- Cultivators
and Harrow\---- Mowers\---- Other\---- Ploughs\---- Sowing machines\----
Sprayers and fertilizer spreaders\---- Tedders and Windrowers\----
Weights\---- Balers

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Auger wagons\---- Bale transport\---- Big
trailers\---- Forage wagons\---- Liquid manure\---- Manure spreaders\----
Other\---- Standard trailers\---- Sprayers and fertilizer spreaders

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Maps\---- Objects\---- Textures

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Cars\---- Other\---- Trucks

\-- Select mod type\-- Tractors\-- Harvesters\-- Forage harvesters\--
Implements and Tools\-- Trailers\-- Forestry equipment\-- Loaders and
excavators\-- Swathers\-- Maps and Buildings\-- Vehicles\-- Modpacks\-- Useful
things

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Case\---- Caterpillar\---- Claas\----
Deutz/Same/Lamborghini\---- Fendt\---- Fortschritt\---- JCB\---- John
Deere\---- Kirovets\---- Massey Ferguson\---- Mercedes\---- MTZ/Belarus\----
New Holland/Fiat\---- Raba\---- Schlüter\---- Ursus\---- Valtra\----
Zetor\---- Other

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Bizon\---- Case\---- Caterpillar\----
Claas\---- Cutters and Cutter trailers\---- Deutz Fahr\---- Fendt\----
Fortschritt\---- John Deere\---- Massey Ferguson\---- New Holland\---- Other

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Attachable\---- Claas\---- Fortschritt\----
John Deere\---- Krone\---- New Holland\---- Other

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Balers\---- Frontloader\---- Grubber and
Harrow\---- Mowers\---- Other\---- Ploughs\---- Seeders\---- Sprayers\----
Tedders and Windrowers\---- Weights

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Bale transport\---- Big trailers\---- Forage
Wagons\---- Liquid manure\---- Manure spreaders\---- Other\----
Overloader\---- Sprayers\---- Standard trailers

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Maps\---- Objects\---- Textures

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Cars\---- Other\---- Trucks

\-- Select mod type\-- Tractors\-- Harvesters\-- Implements and Tools\--
Trailers\-- Vehicles\-- Maps and Buildings\-- Useful things\-- Loaders and
excavators\-- Forage harvesters\-- Swathers\-- Modpacks

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Case\---- Catterpillar\---- Claas\----
Deutz/Same/Lamborghini\---- Fendt\---- Fortschritt\---- JCB\---- John
Deere\---- Kirovets\---- Massey Ferguson\---- MTZ/Belarus\---- New
Holland/Fiat\---- Raba\---- Ursus\---- Valtra\---- Zetor\---- Other\----
Schlüter\---- Mercedes

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Case\---- Caterpillar\---- Claas\---- Deutz
Fahr\---- Fortschritt\---- Fendt\---- John Deere\---- Massey Ferguson\---- New
Holland\---- Bizon\---- Other\---- Cutters and Cutter trailers

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Grubber and Harrow\---- Mowers\----
Ploughs\---- Seeders\---- Tedders and Windrowers\---- Weights\----
Frontloader\---- Sprayers\---- Other\---- Balers

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Liquid manure\---- Manure spreaders\----
Overloader\---- Bale transport\---- Other\---- Forage Wagons\----
Sprayers\---- Standard trailers\---- Big trailers

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Trucks\---- Cars\---- Other\---- Traffic
vehicles

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Maps\---- Objects

\---- Select mod type/brand\---- Claas\---- Krone\---- John Deere\---- New
Holland\---- Attachable\---- Fortschritt\---- Other

\-- Select mod type\-- Trucks\-- Trailers\-- Cars\-- Interiors\-- Maps\--
Skins\-- Other

All types (with and without MR) With More Realistic Without More Realistic

### Highest rated mods

  * Range Rover Sport Tdv8 (4.31/5 - 13 votes) \- rated802
  * Lada Niva 4×4 (4.25/5 - 12 votes) \- rated1424
  * Claas Axion 820 (4.37/5 - 19 votes) \- rated3407
  * Väderstad Pack (3.54/5 - 50 votes) \- rated7586
  * Case Maxxum 5150 v1.1 with Alö Konsole (4.56/5 - 18 votes) \- rated2476
  * TATRA 158 Phoenix 8×8 Agro v1.3 (3.63/5 - 16 votes) \- rated411

#### Popular tags

case claas deutz ets2 fendt fs15 fs17 fs2013 fs2015 fs2017 jd john deere krone
lemken lexion ls15 ls17 ls2013 ls2015 ls2017 man massey ferguson mercedes mf
more realistic mr mtz new holland nh scania ursus vario volvo zetor

#### Recent Comments

  * Fendt 828 Vario Full Fix Tony \- "Könnte der Mod für mich konvertiert werden?" 
  * John Deere 6430 Eise \- "Der Mod steht nur unter LS15. Der Mod wird dir bloß bei den neuen Mods a..." 
  * Deutz-Fahr TTV 7Series V5.4.1.0 Jochen \- "Schade das da so ein heftiger Bug drin ist wäre schön wenn dies schnell..." 
  * John Deere 6430 Lampenmeister \- "Guuut gemacht LS-Portal-Team !! Einen LS15er Mod in dem 17er Bereich ..w..." 

#### Website statistics

17 149 mods published

14 579 591 total downloads

5 057 downloads today

4 266 comments

4.4 average rating

users online

LS Portal

Copyright (C) 2017 LSPortal. All Rights reserved.

Cattle and Crops Mods Spintires Mods

This site uses cookies. Learn more about the purpose of their use - see our
Cookies privacy policy. By using this website you agree to the use of cookies
in accordance with the current browser settings. Click Accept to hide this
information.

  * Landwirtschafts Simulator 17
    * Traktoren
      * Case
      * Challenger
      * Claas
      * Deutz/Same/Lamborghini
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * JCB
      * John Deere
      * Kirovets
      * Massey Ferguson
      * Mercedes Benz
      * MTZ/Belarus
      * New Holland/Fiat
      * Steyr
      * Ursus
      * Valtra
      * Zetor/ZTS
      * Sonstige
    * Mähdrescher
      * Bizon
      * Case
      * Claas
      * Schneidwerke und Schneidwerkswagen
      * Deutz Fahr
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Massey Ferguson
      * New Holland
      * Sonstige
    * Häcksler
      * Anbau
      * Claas
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Krone
      * New Holland
      * Sonstige
    * Anbaugeräte
      * Pressen
      * Frontloader und Teleskoplader
      * Grubber und Egge
      * Mähwerke
      * Pflüge
      * Saattechnik
      * Spritzen und Düngerstreuer
      * Schwader und Wender
      * Gewichte
      * Sonstige
    * Anhänger
      * Ballentransport
      * Großen Anhängern
      * Standard Anhänger
      * Ladewagen
      * Güllefässer
      * Miststreuer
      * Überladewagen
      * Spritzen und Düngerstreuer
      * Sonstige
    * Forstmaschinen
    * Radlader und Bagger
    * Schwadmäher
    * Maps und Gebäude
      * Maps
      * Objekte
      * Texturen
    * Fahrzeuge
      * Autos
      * LKWs
      * Sonstige
    * Modpacks
    * Nützliches
  * Startseite
  * Landwirtschafts Simulator 15
    * Traktoren
      * Case
      * Caterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz/Same/Lamborghini
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * JCB
      * John Deere
      * Kirovets
      * Massey Ferguson
      * Mercedes
      * MTZ/Belarus
      * New Holland/Fiat
      * Raba
      * Schlüter
      * Ursus
      * Valtra
      * Zetor
      * Sonstige
    * Mähdrescher
      * Bizon
      * Case
      * Caterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz Fahr
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Massey Ferguson
      * New Holland
      * Schneidwerke und Schneidwerkswagen
      * Sonstige
    * Häcksler
      * Anbau
      * Claas
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Krone
      * New Holland
      * Sonstige
    * Anbaugeräte
      * Pressen
      * Frontloader
      * Grubber und Egge
      * Mähwerke
      * Pflüge
      * Saattechnik
      * Spritzen
      * Schwader und Wender
      * Gewichte
      * Sonstige
    * Anhänger
      * Ballentransport
      * Großen Anhängern
      * Standard Anhänger
      * Ladewagen
      * Güllefässer
      * Dünger
      * Überladewagen
      * Spritzen
      * Sonstige
    * Forstmaschinen
    * Radlader und Bagger
    * Schwadmäher
    * Maps und Gebäude
      * Maps
      * Texturen
      * Objekte
    * Fahrzeuge
      * Autos
      * Verkehr
      * LKWs
      * Sonstige
    * Modpacks
    * Nützliches
  * Landwirtschafts Simulator 2013
    * Traktoren
      * Case
      * Catterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz/Same/Lamborghini
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * JCB
      * John Deere
      * Kirovets
      * Massey Ferguson
      * Mercedes
      * MTZ/Belarus
      * New Holland/Fiat
      * Raba
      * Schlüter
      * Ursus
      * Valtra
      * Zetor
      * Sonstige
    * Mähdrescher
      * Bizon
      * Case
      * Caterpillar
      * Claas
      * Deutz Fahr
      * Fendt
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Massey Ferguson
      * New Holland
      * Schneidwerke und Schneidwerkswagen
      * Sonstige
    * Häcksler
      * Anbau
      * Claas
      * Fortschritt
      * John Deere
      * Krone
      * New Holland
      * Sonstige
    * Anbaugeräte
      * Pressen
      * Frontloader
      * Grubber und Egge
      * Mähwerke
      * Pflüge
      * Saattechnik
      * Spritzen
      * Schwader und Wender
      * Gewichte
      * Sonstige
    * Anhänger
      * Ballentransport
      * Großen Anhängern
      * Standard Anhänger
      * Ladewagen
      * Güllefässer
      * Dünger
      * Überladewagen
      * Spritzen
      * Sonstige
    * Radlader und Bagger
    * Schwadmäher
    * Maps und Gebäude
      * Maps
      * Objekte
    * Fahrzeuge
      * Autos
      * Verkehr
      * LKWs
      * Sonstige
    * Modpacks
    * Nützliches
    * More Realistic Mods
  * Euro Truck Simulator 2
    * Autos
    * Interiors
    * Maps
    * Skins
    * Anhänger
    * LKWs
    * Sonstige
  * Mod hochladen

