  * Home
  * Advanced Search
  * Popular Manga
  * Manga List
  * Latest Releases

  *   *   * Surprise Me!
  * Anime
  * Contact Us

### Privacy Policy

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only
the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).

We collect the IP address and domain name and e-mail address (where possible)  
of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate
with us via e-mail.

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page,
used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site.

  

With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on
what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to
provide better service when visitors return to our site and Third Party
cookies e.g. "Google".

Google cookies

\- When you visit mangareader.net,

Google send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of
characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.

Google use cookies to improve the quality of their service by storing user
preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Most browsers
are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to
refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some
Google features and services may not function properly if your cookies are
disabled.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know
by sending us e-mail at the above address.

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses
not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices
change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web
site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt
out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is
used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.

Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we
have collected and that we maintain about them.

With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in
our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
information that we have collected from you at our site.If you feel that this
site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us.

2016 AFTV Network

  * Network
  * Anime
  * Anime Downloads
  * Manga
  * Privacy Statements

  * Partners
  * Free File Hosting
  * Watch Cartoons Online
  * Android Manga App
  * Android Anime App
  * Memes

