Electronic Arts Inc.Privacy and Cookie Policy

Last Updated: October 28, 2016  
Effective Date: November 28, 2016

  

  

  

Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for
it seriously. This policy describes what information EA collects when you use
the mobile, online and downloadable products and services ("products") offered
by EA and its subsidiaries. For a list of our subsidiaries, click
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/712515/000071251516000111/ex-211subsidiariesofthere.htm.
By using our products, you consent to this policy.

EA participates in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework. To learn more visit
https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACYSHIELD/US/en/PC/.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

  1. Information We Collect
  2. How We Collect Information
  3. How We Use Your Information
  4. Information We Share with Third Parties
  5. Where We Hold Your Information
  6. How We Protect Your Personal Information
  7. Children
  8. Your Choices and Controls
  9. Third Party Services
  10. Changes to Our Policy
  11. Contact Us

1\. Information We Collect

The information we collect depends on what products you use and how you use
them. The controller of the personal information collected is Electronic Arts
Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065.

A. Information You Give Us Directly

We collect information you provide us, including:

  * Your email address, username, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;
  * Security questions and answers;
  * Demographic details, for instance in response to surveys about our products;
  * Information you provide when seeking help from us such as your name and records of the issues you experience;
  * Billing information, such as your name, address, telephone number and payment card details;
  * Your EA Account information; and
  * Information you provide to enter a contest or sweepstakes. If you win, we may need to collect your social security number, postal address and/or national identification for eligibility, prizes delivery and tax purposes.

When you participate in social features (such as chat), the information that
you disclose is public information. We may store and access it, and it may be
read, copied, collected or used by other users without your consent. Please
make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences.

B. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Products

We collect other information automatically when you use our products,
including:

  * IP address;
  * Mobile and other hardware or device identifiers;
  * Browser information, including your browser type and the language you prefer;
  * Referring and exit pages, including landing pages and pages viewed;
  * Platform type;
  * Information about your media, device, hardware and software, such as your hardware settings and components, EA software and updates you have installed or use, and presence of required plug ins;
  * Details about what EA products you use and your use of them; and
  * Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URL's and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access).

We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using
mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5) and
application data caches.

C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties

PlayStation®3 &amp; PlayStation®4 Computer Entertainment Systems. By signing
up to play our products on a PlayStation®3 or PlayStation®4 computer
entertainment system, you agree your Sony Entertainment Network account
information will be provided to EA so we can establish an EA Account for you.
You need an EA Account to play EA's products online. From Sony, we receive
information including your name, email address, Online ID, your country, state
or province, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card
number or other financial information.

Xbox Live. By signing up to play our products on Microsoft's Xbox Live
Service, you agree that Microsoft may provide us with your Microsoft user
account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA
Account to play EA's products online. From Microsoft, we receive information
including your Gamertag, email address, state or province, country, language
and age. We do not receive your credit card number or other financial
information.

Wii / Wii U. By signing up to play our products on a Nintendo Wii or Wii U
console, you agree that Nintendo may provide us with your Nintendo user
account information so we can establish an EA Account for you. You need an EA
Account to play EA's products online. From Nintendo, the data we receive
includes your Mii information, email address, Nintendo Network ID, friend
list, country, language and date of birth. We do not receive your credit card
number or other financial information.

Mobile Platforms. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device
and/or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other
mobile platform providers. This information includes your username and/or
device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, for instance, but does not
include any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms
also may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile
products also may request additional personal information from you, such as
push notification tokens, your precise location or contact list, and we will
collect this information only if you give us your explicit consent.

Other Third Parties

We may receive information from third parties, like Facebook or Game Center,
when you use these services in connection with our products. We may also
receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact
lists with us.

We also may receive information from third parties to supplement the
information we receive from you. We use information from these companies
primarily to help us deliver relevant advertising to you. A representative
list of these types of third parties can be found on privacyappendix.ea.com.
We also may use similar services, for instance, to help us understand your
approximate geolocation via your IP address for tax purposes, or to customize
certain services to your location.

2\. How We Collect Information

We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such
as via an online form or when you talk with our customer experience team. We
and third parties also use certain technologies described below to collect
information to deliver excellent experiences.

A. Cookies and Similar Technologies

Cookies are small text files stored on your Internet browser. We use cookies
and similar technologies to help us understand things like what web pages,
features or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us
keep track of your shopping cart, measure the effectiveness of our
advertising, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly and otherwise help
enhance your user experience. You can disable cookies, limit the types of
cookies you allow, or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being
sent. Please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org or the guidance provided
by your individual web browser if you'd like help in managing your cookie
preferences.

We use other technologies for similar purposes as a cookie. We use pixels or
clear GIFs to collect information about your use of our products and your
response to our marketing emails. We use Internet log files (which contain
technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our products,
troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud and enforce our User
Agreement. Other examples include HTML 5 cookies, Silverlight Application
Storage, device fingerprints and "flash cookies." If you want to remove flash
cookies or prevent them from being placed, adjust your preferences in the
Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager06.html.
We currently do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We may adopt a DNT
standard if one is established. In the meantime, you may opt out of certain
types of tracking, including certain analytics and tailored advertising by
changing your cookie settings.

We also use Analytics, Advertising, Anti-Cheat and Anti-Fraud technologies in
our products that utilize the same cookies and similar mechanisms. These
technologies are described below.

B. Analytics Technologies

We use our own game servers and internal and third party analytic technologies
to collect information about how you use our products, your computer or device
and the health of our products.

For instance, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device when
you use our products. This information includes technical and related
information about your computer or device and operating system (such as IP
Address and device ID), information about your feature usage, gameplay and
usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware for purposes
described in section 3, below. If you play a game offline, this data will be
stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the
Internet. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use,
store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play
(including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is
created and shared by you with other players.

Third party analytics services integrated into our products may combine the
information they collect in connection with EA's services with information
they have independently collected over time and across different websites.
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy
policies. A representative list of third party analytics companies that
operate in our products can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.

C. Ad Serving Technologies

Some of our products employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear
GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other similar technologies like
identifiers to deliver offers to you. Some of these technologies can sync or
connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices. The ads
can be tailored to your interests. For instance, you may be presented with an
offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or if you express interest in a
game, you might receive an advertisement later for that game or similar
products on EA or third party sites. Other in-game advertising technologies
enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded to your game, web browser, or
mobile device and later replaced while you are online.

These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate
advertising to you and help track results and measure effectiveness. In
addition to identifiers, this information includes:

  * Advertisements served and the location of the ad;
  * Length of time an advertisement was visible;
  * Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement; and
  * Advertisement response.

Third party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the
context of delivering an ad to you via our Products and Services with other
information they have independently collected over time and across different
websites. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own
privacy policies. A representative list of ad serving companies that operate
their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or
services as well as how to opt out to the extent applicable can be found at
privacyappendix.ea.com.

To learn more about some of these ad networks' practices, or to opt out of
third party targeted advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, http://youradchoices.ca/, or
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu. Note that opting out does not mean you won't
see ads; it just means that the advertising you see may be less relevant to
your interests.

D. Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies

EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment for all players. When
you log in to one of our products, set up an EA Account or make purchases, we
or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies, or collect data
about your machine or device, to create a machine "fingerprint" or "hash" of
your machine components, for fraud prevention, security and authentication
purposes. We also may use other anti-cheat technology with our products.

3\. How We Use Your Information

We use your personal and non-personal information, both individually and
combined together, in the following ways:

To operate our business and personalize your game experience including to:

  * Operate, improve, and develop our games and services;
  * Populate online leaderboards and enable online matchmaking;
  * Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an EA product or service;
  * Facilitate sharing on social networks;
  * Serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising;
  * Measure the health of our services;
  * Set up and maintain accounts you register for;
  * Provide game experiences that you may like;
  * Set up loyalty programs;
  * Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices when available;
  * Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors;
  * Provide software updates;
  * Activate or authenticate your games and save game progress and stats;
  * Adhere to your preferences and to deliver dynamic content; and
  * Help keep our services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies.

To provide you support, including to:

  * Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or games;
  * To survey your opinions through surveys or questionnaires;
  * Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and
  * Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, products, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.

To personalize our communications with you, including to:

  * Present offers and/or information relating to games you might like;
  * Make recommendations to you; and
  * Personalize advertising for you and deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers.

4\. Information We Share with Third Parties

We do not share personal information that directly identifies you (such as
your name, e-mail or postal address) with independent third parties without
your consent, unless it is either required by law or we determine that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights, property or
operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous
or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you,
with third parties, for instance your persona on leaderboards or to show
trends about use of our products.

We employ third parties located in and outside of your country of residence
(including outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)) to collect or process
personal information on our behalf for various reasons, such as conducting
market surveys, facilitating credit card processing, or sending emails. When
our third party agents or service providers collect or receive personal
information, we require that they use the data only on our behalf and for
purposes consistent with this policy.

We do not knowingly disclose personal information about children under 18
years of age to independent third parties even with consent.

However, in the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale or
bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third
party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law.

We do not control information sent from your browser to third parties, such as
advertising networks and analytics companies that receive information in the
normal course of your Internet activity. When third party technologies or
social tools are integrated into our products, those third parties may collect
information when you use our products. An example is the Facebook "Like"
button.

5\. Where We Hold Your Information

Personal Information we collect may be stored and processed for the purposes
set out in this Privacy and Cookie Policy in the United States or any other
country in which EA, its subsidiaries, or third party agents operate. By using
our products, you consent that your personal information may be transferred to
recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the
same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or
citizenship.

EA participates in the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework for the collection,
use, and retention of data from Switzerland. While EA relies on various
mechanisms to effectuate cross-border transfers, we continue to adhere to the
Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security,
data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor
program, and to view our certification, please visit
http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.

The Electronic Arts privacy practices, described in this Privacy and Cookie
Policy, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR
system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal
information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information
about the APEC framework can be found at http://www.apec.org/Groups/Committee-
on-Trade-and-Investment/~/media/Files/Groups/ECSG/CBPR/CBPR-
PoliciesRulesGuidelines.ashx.

6\. How We Protect Your Personal Information

Security of our players' information is a priority at EA, and we take a range
of measures to help protect it, including encryption of sensitive financial
information. Even so, no security measure is 100% perfect. This means we
cannot guarantee the security of your information and do not assume any
responsibility for the unauthorized use or access to your information under
our control.

7\. Children

Protecting children's privacy online is extremely important to EA. Many EA
online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and
do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. When users
identify themselves as being children (i.e. under the age of 13 or under the
minimum age in the relevant territory), consistent with applicable law we
will: (1) not provide a path for them to input personal information, (2)
collect certain information for limited purposes only (consistent with
applicable law), (3) block or restrict the child from accessing relevant
services (such as chat functionality); and/or (4) obtain consent from parents
for the collection, use, and sharing of their children's personal information.

Through our mobile applications your child will be able to receive local in-
app notifications, which do not collect any personal information.

Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA's online or
mobile products and services, this may include such general audience
communication services as email, instant messaging, and online groups, and
your child will be able to communicate with, and disclose personal information
to, other users of all ages.

If you are a parent and wish to revoke your previously provided consent,
review information collected from your child or have that information deleted,
contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed
at privacyadmin.ea.com, by writing to Privacy Policy Administrator, 209
Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065 or by telephone at (650)
628-1393.

Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this Privacy and
Cookie Policy (see Section 6 above). If we make material changes to how we
use, collect, or share your child's personal information, we will notify
parents by email or by in-game notice in order to obtain verifiable parental
consent for the new uses of your child's personal information.

We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers
and disclosing personal information online. You and your child should review
our Online Safety web page at
https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/OnlineSafety/US/en/PC/ for additional information
about using the Internet safely.

Under no circumstances do we condition a child's participation in an
activity—like contests—on the child's disclosure of more personal information
than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. On certain sites,
we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent.

8\. Your Choices and Controls

We give you meaningful choices when it comes to important uses and collection
of information. For example, you can update your account information and
preferences, choose to opt in or out of EA marketing emails and choose whether
to share your information with select EA partners. If you would like to opt
out at any time after granting approval, contact the appropriate Privacy
Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com or write
to Privacy Policy Administrator, Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores
Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065.

You also can review and change most of your preferences through your EA
Account settings. If you need additional assistance, please contact
help.ea.com.

You may deactivate your EA Account or delete the personal information
associated with your account by contacting help.ea.com or your Privacy Policy
Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com. If
you do so, you will no longer have access to the EA games or services
associated with your account. Note that EA may retain information needed to
resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and
comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the
security, integrity and operation of our products. Otherwise, we will retain
your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you
services, create and improve our products, comply with the law, and to run our
business.

You can access the personal information we hold about you. To request access,
send us an email at privacy_policy@ea.com headed "Subject Access Request".
Before we process any request, we may ask you for certain personal information
in order to verify your identity and we may request payment where allowed by
law. Where permitted by local law, we may reject requests that are
unreasonable or impractical. We will respond to your requests in a reasonable
timeframe.

You also may adjust your browser settings to block certain online tracking,
such as cookies.

9\. Third Party Services

Our websites and products may contain advertising or third party services
(such as the Facebook Like button or links to third-party websites). If you
click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave the EA
website and go to the site you selected. If you visit a third party website or
use a third party service, you should consult that site's or service's privacy
policy.

10\. Changes to Our Policy

We may update this policy from time to time, so please review it frequently.
We'll notify you of material changes via a notice on our home page
(www.ea.com) thirty days before they go into effect. Your continued use of our
products means you accept the changes. Once you accept this policy, we will
not enforce future changes we deem in good faith to be material absent your
express agreement to the changed terms. If you are asked to affirmatively
accept material changes to this policy and you decline to do so, you may not
be able to continue to use the product provided.

11\. Contact Us

If you have a complaint or question about this policy, you may contact us at
privacy_policy@ea.com. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern
that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third
party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

To review a list of websites that are certified by TRUSTe, please go to
http://privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=7d587a12-773f-4bf9-a209-d18047ee5f05. For mobile
applications, go to https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/CERTIFIEDAPPS/US/en/PC/.

For more information and updates to this policy, visit privacy.ea.com.

  

Previous Privacy and Cookie Policy:  
Last Updated: May 9, 2016  
Last Updated: January 20, 2016  
Last Updated: June 28, 2013  
Last Updated: July 31, 2012

