Register Login Logout

### ZAM | We Make  
Gaming Better.

  * Menu

  * Featured Sites
    * Wowhead
    * LolKing
    * Hearthhead
    * Overking
    * Opshead
    * Destiny DB
    * TF2Outpost
  * News
  * Reviews
  * Video
  * Features
  * Opinion
  * Guides
  * About
    * About ZAM
    * Advertise with us
    * Privacy Policy
    * Terms of service
    * Premium F.A.Q.
    * Survey Terms

## ZAM Network, LLC

## Privacy Policy



Last Updated: 3/9/2016

This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the ZAM Network, LLC End
User License Agreement and Terms of Service (the "EULA"). The terms "ZAM,"
"we," and "us" include ZAM Network, LLC and our affiliates and subsidiaries.
The Privacy Policy explains how ZAM may collect, use, and disclose information
we obtain through Services.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites
that simply name ZAM or have our logo on it.  Any capitalized terms used and
not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to them in the
EULA.

"Personal Information" is any information can be used to directly or
indirectly identify, contact, or locate you.  
  
"Personal Information" means any information relating to an identified or
identifiable natural person. An identifiable person is someone who can be
identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
identifier such as a name, address, email address, telephone number, an
identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more
factors specific to the physical, psychological, genetic, mental, economic,
cultural or social identity of that person.

## The Services Collect Information

We collect Personal Information when you:

register to use the Services;

log in with social media or partner gaming site credentials;

use the Services;

make a purchase; and

communicate with us.

We also collect information, such as usage statistics, by using cookies,
server logs, and other similar technology as you use the Services.  
  
Registration and Account Information.  You must register to use some of the
Services.  To register, you may need to provide Personal Information, such as
your name, email address, and password.  You may also provide other
voluntarily disclosed optional information.

Social Connect.  When you choose to connect your social media account to your
profile on the Services, we collect Personal Information from that social
media website.  For example, when you connect your Facebook account, we may
collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook,
such as your name, user ID, profile picture, cover photo, username, gender,
networks, age range, language, country, friend list, and any other information
you have made public.  We may also obtain other non-public information from
social media websites with your permission.

Partner Site Credentials.  You may be able to log-in or authenticate your
account on the Services using your credentials from other partner gaming
websites and applications.  When you do this, we will obtain information about
you, including a unique user ID from our partner, information about your
avatars or game characters, and other gaming information.  We do not receive
your name, email address, or your account log-in credentials from our
partners.

Using the Services.  We collect information you provide through the Services.
For example, when you interact with other users by posting comments and
messages, chatting with other users on the Services, posting videos and
screenshots, participating in promotions, and otherwise submitting information
to the Services, the Services will collect the information you provide in such
submissions.  We may also collect your postal address, telephone number, and
other Personal Information from you when you make purchases from us and when
you respond to surveys, polls, contests, giveaways, and other promotional
activities.

Making Payments.  When you make payments through the Services, you may need to
provide financial account information, such as your credit card number, to our
third-party service providers.  We do not collect or store such Personal
Information, though we may receive summary information about transactions, but
it does not include credit card or bank account numbers.

Customer Support.  We may collect Personal Information through your
communications with our customer-support team.

From Third-Parties.  We may work with third parties to gather additional
demographic information about our user population on an aggregate level.  This
information is not connected to individual users.  This information helps us
improve the Services and customize the content and advertising on the
Services.

Information and Content from Your Device.  The Services automatically collect
information about your device, such as a device ID and the browser type you
are using, so that we can provide functionality, such as push notifications,
and improve the functioning of the Services.  You may also permit the Services
to access your device's contact list and photo storage.

Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies.  The Services
collect and store information that is generated automatically as you use them,
including your preferences and usage statistics.  For example, such
information may be collected when you visit the Services, make purchases,
respond to online surveys or promotions, participate in contests, or request
information from us.  When we associate such information with Personal
Information, we will treat the combination as Personal Information.

When you use the Services or receive emails from us, we and our third-party
partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics
providers, use "cookies" and other similar technologies to collect information
about how the Services or email is accessed.  Our partners also may collect
information about your online activities over time and on other websites or
apps.  When they provide such services, they are governed by their own privacy
policies.  You may be able to change browser settings to block and delete
cookies when you access the Services through a web browser.  However, if you
do that, the Services may not work properly.

We may use Google Analytics to collect and process certain Services usage
data.  Google provides additional privacy options regarding cookie use
described at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.

By using the Services, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain
data related to the provision of the Services.  We may retain such
information, including Personal Information, as long as permitted by
applicable laws.

## How We Use Your Information

We use Personal Information to:

facilitate and improve our services; and

communicate with you.

We may use anonymized and aggregate information for any purpose, including for
marketing purposes.  
  
Internal and Services-Related Usage.  We use information, including Personal
Information, for internal and service-related purposes and may provide it to
third parties to allow us to facilitate the Services.  We may use and retain
any data we collect to provide and improve any of our services.

Communications.  We may send email to the email address you provide to us and
push notifications to your mobile device if they are enabled, to verify your
account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account
management, customer service, system maintenance, order purposes, notifying
contest winners, and other Services-related purposes.

Marketing.  We may use information, including Personal Information, to provide
online advertising on the Services and to email you information we think may
be useful or relevant to you.  You can choose whether you would like to
receive email or targeted marketing communications from us. You can withdraw
your consent to receiving email or targeted marketing communications any time
by emailing to privacy@zam.com.

Aggregate Data.  We may anonymize or aggregate data collected through the
Services and use anonymized and aggregate data for any purpose.

## We May Disclose Your Information

We may share your Personal Information:

with our third-party vendors and service providers;

to other users;

to social networks or other partner websites, with your permission;

to the public via Internet search engines;

to comply with legal obligations;

to protect and defend our rights and property; and

with your permission.



We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other
people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless
we have your permission.  
  
We Use Vendors and Services Providers.  We may share any information we
receive with vendors and service providers we use to help us provide the
Services.

Displaying to Other Users.  The Services are intended as public communities.
Therefore, the information and content you provide to the Services may be
displayed on them to other users.  Other users of the Services may be able to
see some information about you, such as information in your posts and uploads.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of users who will view and
use the posted information.

Social Networking and Other Websites.  The Services may allow you to share
information, including Personal Information, with social networking websites,
such as Facebook.  We do not share your Personal Information with them unless
you direct the Services to share it.  Their use of the information will be
governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy
settings on their websites.

Search Engines.  Public posts, and any Personal Information in them, may be
accessible via search engines or similar services.

Marketing.  We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with
other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes,
unless we have your permission.  We may allow access to data collected by us
to enable the delivery of online advertising on the Services, or otherwise
facilitate transmittal of information we think may be useful or relevant to
you.

You may be able to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from
advertisers or advertising networks who are members of the Network Advertising
Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-
Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-
out sections on the websites of each of those organizations.  Links to those
sites are on our advertising addendum and here:

Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/

Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/

European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/

When you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see online
advertising on the Services and/or our ads on other Internet websites.

If you would like to withdraw your consent to receiving email or targeted
marketing communications, please send us an email to privacy@zam.com.

Legal and Similar Disclosures.  We may access, preserve, and disclose
collected information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to:
comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order
or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect your, our, or others'
rights, property, or safety.

Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.  If we are involved in a merger,
acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy,
receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another
provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a
transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.  We cannot control how such
entities may use or disclose such information.

With Your Permission.  We may also disclose your Personal Information with
your permission.

## Information Security

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to
protect the personal information you provide or we collect against accidental,
unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or
use. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and
we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.

By using the Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that
we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and
administrative issues relating to your use of the Services.  If we learn of a
security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by
posting a notice on the Services or sending an email to you.  You may have a
legal right to receive this notice in writing.  To receive free written notice
of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic
notice), please notify us at privacy@zam.com.

## Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13.  We will take
steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it.  
  
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from
children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Services is directed to
children under the age of 13.  If you learn that your child has provided us
with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at
privacy@zam.com.  If we learn that we have collected any personal information
from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information
and terminate the child's account.

## International Data Transfers

By using the Services, you understand and agree to the transfer of your data
to the United States.  
  
ZAM is a global business.  We may transfer Personal Information to countries
other than the country in which the data was originally collected.  These
countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which
you initially provided the information.  When we transfer your Personal
Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described
in this Privacy Policy.

In particular, to offer our Services, we need to transfer your Personal
Information to the United States, where we are headquartered.  The United
States is not considered to provide an adequate level of protection under EU
data protection law.  By agreeing to the Privacy Policy, you consent to the
transfer of your Personal Information for the purposes described in the
Privacy Policy.  You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but
please note that if you do not consent to the transfer of if you withdraw your
consent to transfer, you may not be able to benefit from all or some of our
Services.

If you would like to withdraw your consent to the transfer of your Personal
Information to the U.S., please send us an email to privacy@zam.com.

## YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES, UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION OR POSE A QUESTION OR
SUGGESTION

Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to

obtain confirmation that we hold Personal Information about you;

request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we
maintain about you;

receive copies of the Personal Information we maintain about you;

update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information;

object to the processing of your Personal Information; and

have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate.

If you ask for the deletion of your account, we will delete your profile
information. Prior posts will be anonymized.

The right to access Personal Information may be limited in some circumstances
by local law requirements. To exercise these rights, please contact us at
privacy@zam.com.

To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you
previously provided to us, including consent for email and targeted marketing
communication and data transfers. We will apply your preferences going
forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or
disclosure of your Personal Information will mean that you cannot take
advantage of certain or all of our Services.

If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided
to us through your use of the Services or otherwise, if you would like to
withdraw your consent to receiving email and targeted marketing communications
or the transfer of your Personal Information to the U.S., or if you have
suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to
privacy@zam.com.

If you are under the age of 18 and a California resident, you may request that
content or information you posted to the Services no longer be publicly
accessible from the Services by sending an email to privacy@zam.com.

Please note the name of the site or other online resource to which you
provided the information, as well as the nature of the information you
provided.  We will use reasonable efforts to respond promptly to requests,
questions or concerns you may have regarding our use of Personal Information
about you.  Except where required by law, ZAM cannot ensure a response to
questions or comments regarding topics unrelated to this Privacy Policy or our
privacy practices.

After completing the request, we may continue to hold your content and
information and such content and information may remain publicly available if
your association with the content and information is removed or another user
posted, copied, or re-posted the content and information.

## CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES

We may revise this Privacy Policy, so review it periodically.  
  
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.  We will post any adjustments to the
Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective
when it is posted.

New Uses of Personal Information.  From time to time, we may desire to use
Personal Information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy.
If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in
a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of
this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we
will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such
uses as may be required by law.

## Contact Information

The entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information is:



ZAM Network, LLC  
12121 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 301  
Los Angeles, CA 90025  
privacy@zam.com

Sign Up Now

#### Featured Sites

  * Wowhead
  * Lolking
  * TF2Outpost
  * DayZDB
  * Hearthhead
  * DestinyDB

#### Database Sites

  * Wowhead
  * Lolking
  * DestinyDB

#### Addon Sites

  * MMOUI
  * WowInterface
  * ESOUI

#### About

  * About ZAM
  * Advertise with us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of service

I Agree

We may use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media
features and to analyze our site traffic. We may also share information about
your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics
partners. For more information, visit our Terms of Service and the Privacy
Policy.

