This website uses cookies. By using the website, you declare that you consent
to this. You can find more information at Privacy Policy.

OK

  *   * Forgot?

  *   * Register now!
  * Guest login

  * SPORTS
  * LIVE BETTING
  * CASINO
  * LIVE CASINO
  * GAMES
  * VIRTUAL
  * POKER
  * APP
  * PROMOTIONS

  * About bet-at-home.com
    * About us
    * Company profile
    * News
    * Licence

  * Responsible Gaming

  * Sponsoring
    * Football
      * Hertha BSC
      * FC Schalke 04
      * FK Austria Wien
      * SV Ried
    * Tennis
      * Generali Ladies Linz
    * Former Sponsoring

  * Press
    * Press kit
    * Press releases
    * Media Download
    * Mailing list
    * Press contact

  * TV Ads

  * Imprint

  * RTP values

  * General Terms and Conditions

  * Privacy Policy

# Privacy Policy

# Privacy Policy

`bet-at-home.com` undertakes to protect the personal data of its customers.
Personal data is considered to be information about individuals concerned
whose identity is, or can be, determined. This includes e.g. information such
as name, address, e-mail address, or other information which can be traced to
a certain natural person.  
  
This Data Protection Directive contains (together with the General Terms and
Conditions as well as all other documents which concern this) the basis on
which `bet-at-home.com` handles personal data. `bet-at-home.com` only handles
the user’s personal data in accordance with the law or if the user has given
their permission for the handling of their data. By accessing `bet-at-
home.com` or using the services of `bet-at-home.com`, the user consents to
their personal data being processed for the purposes listed below.

##  1\. Information which `bet-at-home.com` stores about its customers

Customer data which is collected and used for the contractual relationship
with `bet-at-home.com` is personal data and is handled in accordance with the
Maltese Data Protection Act as well as all other relevant legal provisions.
`bet-at-home.com`, based in Portomaso Business Tower, Level 12, STJ 4011, St.
Julian's, Malta, Tel.: +356-20102510, is the responsible authority in relation
to all aspects of the collection and processing of customer data.  
  
`bet-at-home.com` may save the following information about its customers:  
  
1.1 Information which the customer directly transmits to `bet-at-home.com`:  
  
This includes information which `bet-at-home.com` obtains from the customer
via the filling out of forms on `bet-at-home.com` or via telephone, e-mail, or
other written communication. The collection or processing of customer data is
a necessary condition for the conclusion of the contract and is solely for
this purpose. By concluding the contract, the customer agrees to the
collection or processing of their data. The minimum information which must be
declared is stated in the "Account" section of the General Terms and
Conditions.  
  
1.2 Information which `bet-at-home.com` collects about users:  
  
While using the services of `bet-at-home.com`, the following data may be
stored:  
Technical information, including the IP address which the user uses to connect
their computer with the internet, the user’s login data, the type and version
of the user’s web browser, the user’s time zone settings, types and versions
of browser plugins, operating system, and platform. Information regarding the
user’s visit, including the complete URL, to, on, and of `bet-at-home.com`,
offers which the user considers, the date and time as well as the length of
visit to certain pages, the pages’ interactive information (such as e.g.
scrolling, clicks, and holding the mouse cursor) as well as the methods used
to leave the page and all telephone numbers which were used to contact `bet-
at-home.com` may also be stored. If the user uses the feedback form to contact
`bet-at-home.com`, their IP address will also be transferred.  
  
1.3 Information which `bet-at-home.com` receives from other sources:  
  
`bet-at-home.com` may receive information about its customers from third
parties (such as business partners, subcontractors for technical services,
supplies and payment processing, advertising networks, analytics providers,
search services, and credit agencies).  
  
When registering, the customer can import their details directly from a secure
online source (Google, Facebook, PayPal) into the registration form. If the
customer chooses to do this, they will be transferred to the homepage of the
selected website and prompted to log in if they are not already logged in.
Subsequently, the customer will be informed by the website what data will be
submitted to `bet-at-home.com`. Once the customer has confirmed their
acceptance of this, the data will be submitted to `bet-at-home.com`. During
this process, `bet-at-home.com` only saves data which is necessary for the
completion of the registration form. This process does not establish an
additional, permanent link between the customer’s account and the account used
to import details into the registration form (Google, Facebook, PayPal).
Registering via Facebook, PayPal or Google provides `bet-at-home.com` with
access to the customer’s data as stated on the website used for the importing
of data into the registration form. Information concerning the exact purpose
and extent of data collection as well as further processing and usage of the
data and the rights and settings options for privacy protection can be found
in the respective Privacy Policies of Facebook, Google and PayPal.

## 2\. Disclosure of customer data

2.1 The customer acknowledges and agrees that their personal data may be
transmitted to members of the `bet-at-home.com` group (i.e. subsidiaries and
the holding company of `bet-at-home.com` – the group structure can be found
here).  
  
2.2 The customer acknowledges and agrees that their personal data will be
transmitted to third party service providers if required for the contract and
the services associated therewith. However, for this to occur, these providers
must adhere to an adequate level of data protection in line with European data
protection rules.  
  
2.3 The customer acknowledges and agrees that their personal data may be
transmitted to selected third parties, including:

  * Business partners, suppliers, and subcontractors for the purposes of the performance of contracts between `bet-at-home.com` and the aforementioned or the customer. 
  * Advertisers and advertising networks which require the data in order to deliver suitable offers (particularly, but not exclusively, regarding products and offers from `bet-at-home.com` or other members of the group) to the customer and others. 
  * Analytics providers and search services which support `bet-at-home.com` in improving and optimising products. 

2.4 The customer acknowledges and agrees that their personal data may be
disclosed to third parties:

  * In the event that `bet-at-home.com` sells and/or purchases tangible or intangible goods and rights, the personal data may be disclosed to the potential seller or buyer. 
  * In the event that essentially all of the assets of `bet-at-home.com` are acquired by a third party, the personal data may represent an asset which is to be transferred and may be transmitted from `bet-at-home.com` to third parties. 

2.5 The customer acknowledges and agrees that `bet-at-home.com` reserves the
right to disclose and transmit personal data for the purposes of adhering to
legal and regulatory provisions, and enforcing the General Terms and
Conditions or other agreements, or for safeguarding the rights, property, or
security of `bet-at-home.com`, the customers of `bet-at-home.com` or third
parties. This includes, in particular, the exchange of information with other
companies and organisations for the purposes of combatting fraud,
investigating criminal offences, and maintaining the integrity of sport. `bet-
at-home.com` discloses personal data when ordered to do so by mandate of the
governing authorities and/or under the provisions of applicable law.
Furthermore, `bet-at-home.com` reserves the right to disclose personal data
when the company has reasonable grounds to suspect irregularities that involve
a `bet-at-home.com` betting account. The customer expressly agrees to such a
transfer of data under the terms of this point.

## 3\. Storage of personal data

3.1 Customer data is transmitted, stored, and processed electronically. All
information which the customer transmits to `bet-at-home.com` is saved on the
servers of `bet-at-home.com` and can only be accessed by trained and
authorised personnel. The customer undertakes to keep passwords which provide
him/her access to certain areas a secret.  
  
3.2 The data, which is stored by `bet-at-home.com`, may be transmitted to a
place outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and stored there. The data
may also be processed by staff members who are active outside of the EEA and
work for `bet-at-home.com` or its suppliers. These staff members may be, inter
alia, involved in the handling of orders, as well as the processing of
customers’ payment details and in support services. By submitting their
personal data to `bet-at-home.com`, the customer consents to the
aforementioned transmission, storage, and processing of their data. `bet-at-
home.com` takes all measures necessary to ensure that the data is handled
securely and in accordance with this Data Privacy Statement.  
  
3.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not
completely secure. `bet-at-home.com` takes all possible steps to protect the
personal data of customers. However, complete security of customers’ data can
never be guaranteed. Each data transmission thus takes place at the customer’s
own risk. After `bet-at-home.com` has received the data, the company takes
technical and organisational measures to ensure that `bet-at-home.com`’s
systems are protected against attacks and misuse, and that the user’s personal
data is protected against loss, incorrect modification, and unauthorised use
by third parties. At `bet-at-home.com`, only authorised individuals have
access to the user’s personal data. Furthermore, this access is only granted
to the extent that is necessary for the offer of `bet-at-home.com`.

## 4\. Cookies

4.1 `bet-at-home.com` uses cookies and similar technologies so that its
website design is clearer, safer, and more personal. Cookies enable `bet-at-
home.com` to be able to offer services, to improve the security of the
website, to collect information regarding transactions, and to prevent fraud.
Furthermore, cookies simplify navigation and facilitate the management of the
insertion of particularly relevant or useful information or adverts.  
  
4.2 Cookies are small files which are stored on the device of the user to
which the browser that is used is assigned and through which the party placing
the cookie receives certain information. They allow anonymous recognition of
the computer, but do not allow personal identification of the visitor. Cookies
cannot operate programmes or transfer viruses to the device of the user.  
  
4.3 Visitors can prevent cookies from being set in the settings of the browser
(Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox etc.) they use. To do this, visitors must
select "Block all cookies" (or similar wording) by going to Settings > Privacy
> Cookies. Depending on the browser, it is possible to set the system so that
approval must be requested before cookies are set. Cookies which have been set
can then be deleted at any time. Instructions on how to block or delete
cookies can be found in the Privacy or Help sections for the browser, as well
as online on many forums.  
  
4.4 If all cookies are blocked or deleted, visitors may not be able to use all
functions of the website. This can occur on a case-by-case basis.  
  
4.5 In addition to the cookies which bet-at-home sets when a visitor accesses
the website, third parties also set cookies. This occurs, in some cases,
because `bet-at-home.com` has commissioned a third party to provide services
(such as website analysis, for example). This occurs, in other cases, because
`bet-at-home.com`’s website contains content (scripts, tracking pixels) from
third parties. It is possible for third parties to set their own cookies and
collect information about the online activities of visitors because a
connection to the web servers of these third parties is established.  
  
4.6 If links to websites of third parties are available on `bet-at-home.com`’s
website, visitors should be aware that these websites may set their own
cookies and that their own Privacy Policies may apply.  
  
4.7 Some or all of the following cookies may be set on the user’s device upon
accessing the bet-at-home.com website:  
  
Domain Cookie Content Description  
bet-at-home.com ASP.NET_SessionId Encrypted Session ID The cookie is set by
`bet-at-home.com` and is required in order to identify the user in the system.  
bet-at-home.com Accountnr. Accountnr. The cookie is set by `bet-at-home.com`.
However, this only happens if the user activates the option "Remember
account". This causes the betting account number to be shown in the login
menu.  
bet-at-home.com Last Visit Timestamp The cookie is set by `bet-at-home.com`
and is used to show specific content for different groups of users (new
customers, existing customers etc.).  
bet-at-home.com BAHLang Language selection The cookie is set by `bet-at-
home.com` and used to show the website in the selected language.  
bet-at-home.com _ga / _gat Encrypted key The cookie is set by the Google
Analytics code.  
bet-at-home.com _pk_id / _pk_ses Encrypted key The cookie is set by WalkMe to
save which paths visitors have already seen.  
Doubleclick.net Several The cookie(s) are set by Doubleclick.  
Facebook Several The cookie(s) are set by clicking on the "Share" button and
are required by Facebook.  
Twitter Several The cookie(s) are set by clicking on the "Tweet" button and
are required by Twitter.  
Vgt.betradar.com Encrypted key The cookie is set by starting an offer in the
VIRTUAL section and is required by the provider of this product.  
  
4.8 Generally, information is transferred to the website operator’s technical
systems when websites are visited. This information provides an indication of
the device used by the visitor, as well as the software used to render the
website and, as the case may be, the preference settings adjusted there. This
data is necessary in order to render the website faultlessly and optimally, as
well as to guarantee the functionality of the website.  
  
4.9 The data collected by means of cookies and information concerning the
technical systems is saved for visitors on a strictly anonymous basis. For
registered customers, this data is assigned to the betting account number of
the customer if necessary.  
  
4.10 By using `bet-at-home.com`’s website, the visitor agrees with the
procedure described above.  
  
5\. `bet-at-home.com` may, provided that the customer consented upon
registration, send information and promotional material to the contact details
provided by the customer. The customer can revoke this consent at any time,
either by using their betting account and sending an email to `service.en@bet-
at-home.com`, or by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. This
has no impact on the services offered by `bet-at-home.com`, as stipulated by
the contract, or the continued existence of the contract.  
  
6\. Customer data is processed electronically and can only be accessed by
trained and authorised personnel who are bound to handle personal data
confidentially and in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act.  
  
7\.  The customer is hereby made aware of their rights in relation to
information, correction and deletion of data concerning them in accordance
with Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act. Furthermore, the customer
has the right to obtain information to confirm the existence of their data.
The customer is also entitled to change and/or delete incorrect or incomplete
data. Concerning this, the customer should contact `bet-at-home.com` by
sending an e-mail to `service.en@bet-at-home.com`. Additional rights can be
found in Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act.  
  
8\. The customer can revoke their consent to the collecting and storing of
their personal data by `bet-at-home.com` at any time, provided that there is
no legal obligation to retain the customer’s data. Concerning this, the
customer should contact `bet-at-home.com` by sending an e-mail to
`service.en@bet-at-home.com`.  
  
9\.  This website contains sharing functions such as the Twitter Tweet and the
Facebook like button. Using these functions may result in personal data being
saved, forwarded and processed.  
  
`bet-at-home.com` emphasises that the customer can avoid this collection and
linking of data by logging out of their profile before they use the website.  
  
Facebook-Like-Button  
Plugins from the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California
Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, can be recognised by the Facebook logo or the
"Like" button. Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay,
Dublin 2, IRELAND, is responsible for users outside of the USA and Canada.  
  
`bet-at-home.com` hereby states that it has no knowledge of the content of the
transmitted data or its use by Facebook. `bet-at-home.com` accepts no
liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use.  
  
Twitter-Tweet-Button  
Plugins from twitter.com, Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St, Suite 900 San
Francisco, CA 94103, USA, can be recognised by a white bird on a light blue
background.  
  
`bet-at-home.com` hereby states that it has no knowledge of the content of the
transmitted data or its use by Twitter.`bet-at-home.com` accepts no liability
for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use.

## 10\. Tracking Tools

10.1 bet-at-home.com uses tracking tools. However, these tools do not provide
`bet-at-home.com` with any of the user’s personal data. Instead, `bet-at-
home.com` receives statistical data concerning usage of the services offered
by the company. This enables `bet-at-home.com` to learn, for example, what
content is particularly popular, at which times the company’s services are
used very intensively, which cities and parts of the world the users of these
services come from, and which browsers and operating systems users generally
use to access the services. `bet-at-home.com` uses this information to
constantly improve the technical, creative, and editorial aspects of these
services, and to make these services more convenient for the user.
Furthermore, `bet-at-home.com` can optimise its web design on the basis of
statistical information concerning browser types and operating systems. The
tools used for web analytics concern the following services.  
  
10.2 bet-at-home.com notes that the `bet-at-home.com` websites use Google
Analytics, a web analysis services of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics
uses "cookies", which are files stored on the user’s device and allow for
analysis of the user’s webpage usage. The information generated by the cookie
about the user’s use of this website (including their IP address) is
transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.  
  
If an IP anonymization service is activated on this website, Google will
shorten the user’s IP address within member states of the European Union or
other states within the European Economic Area. Only in rare cases will an
entire IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
IP anonymisation is active on this website. Google uses the information
collected by Google Analytics to assess the user’s usage of the website, to
compile reports about the website’s activity, and to provide other services
connected with the website and internet usage to the website operator.  
  
Google does not, under any circumstances, link any of its other data with the
user’s IP address. The customer can prevent the storing of cookies by using
the corresponding settings in their browser. However, it should be noted that
the customer may not be able to use all functions of the services offered by
`bet-at-home.com` in their entirety if the customer chooses to do this.
Furthermore, the user can prevent Google Analytics from collecting data in the
future by installing the following browser add-on:
`http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.`  
  
The user can prevent Google Analytics from collecting data within this website
in the future by clicking on this link: Set Google Analytics opt-out cookie.
This is an alternative to a browser add-on and can be used for browsers on
mobile devices. This opt-out choice only applies for the browser being used
and for this domain. When the user clicks on the aforementioned link, an opt-
out cookie is placed on their device. If cookies are deleted from the browser,
the user has to click on the link again to reset the opt-out cookie.  
  
By using the services offered by `bet-at-home.com`, the user agrees to their
data being processed by Google as described above and for the purpose stated
above.  
  
Furthermore, bet-at-home.com informs readers and users that demographic data
and interests are also collected via Google Analytics. This feature allows
`bet-at-home.com` to review anonymous and aggregated data regarding the
gender, age, and interests of website visitors. The data is collected through
first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party
cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie).  
  
11\. If there is a malfunction on the website, technical information will be
sent to `bet-at-home.com` so that the cause can be investigated. Personal data
may also be sent to `bet-at-home.com` in the process. `bet-at-home.com` uses
this information to constantly improve the technical aspects of these
services, and to make these services more convenient for the user.  
  
12\. If links to third-party websites are available and the user clicks on
these links, it should be noted that `bet-at-home.com` will no longer have any
influence over what data is collected and used by these providers. The user
can find more detailed information concerning the collection and usage of data
in the Privacy Policies of the respective third parties. As `bet-at-home.com`
has no control over the collection and usage of data in this regard, `bet-at-
home.com` cannot take any responsibility for this.  
  
13\.  If there are any changes to this privacy policy, `bet-at-home.com` will
replace this page with an updated version. The versions are numbered and
contain a modification date. The customer is responsible for regularly reading
all versions to check if changes or updates have been made.  
  
14\. Severability clause:  
Should individual provisions of this Data Privacy Statement be held to be void
or unenforceable, or become void or unenforceable, the validity of the rest of
the Data Privacy Statement will remain unaffected.

Last change on: 09.05.2017 00:00  
Version: 2.9  

CUDDLY FRIENDS IN THE CASINO!

COLOURFUL CATS  
& AMAZING  
WINNINGS! Play now!

CASH OUT UPDATES!

NEW FEATURES  
AVAILABLE  
NOW! More info!

ANIMAL PRIZES IN THE CASINO

FROM THE  
DUCKLING TO  
THE SWAN! Play now!

NEWS!

CONTACT

There is no mobile version available for this page. How would you like to
continue?

  * Switch to mobile site
  * Remain on this site

Your device or browser is not supported by our mobile website. You will be
automatically redirected to the desktop version.

OK

  * Home
  *   * Imprint
  *   * General Terms and Conditions
  *   * About bet-at-home.com
  *   * Investor Relations
  *   * Responsible Gaming
  *   * Privacy Policy
  *   * RTP values
  *   * Careers
  *   * Help
  *   * Affiliate
  *   * Mobile

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

  *   *   *   *   * 

English

  * English
  * Deutsch
  * Italiano
  * Ελληνικά
  * Polski
  * Slovenščina
  * Čeština
  * Magyar
  * Slovenčina
  * Hrvatski
  * Srpski
  * Svenska
  * Português

bet-at-home.com Internet Ltd., bet-at-home.com Entertainment Ltd., Portomaso
Business Tower, Level 12, STJ 4011, St. Julian's, MALTA  
MGA/CL2/192/2004 issued 19.01.2006, MGA/CL1/192/2004 issued 19.01.2006,
MGA/CL1/1234/2016 issued 20.01.2017, MGA/CL3/192/2009 issued 21.10.2011  
Licenced and regulated by the MGA of Malta  
Gambling can be addictive, please play responsibly. Compulsive gambling
support: GamCare Gamblers Anonymous  
  
  
  

bet-at-home.com Time:  18:29:21 (GMT  +02)

OK

