# Ask.fm

  * Home Page
  * About Us
  * Press Room
  * Advertising
  * Jobs
  * Contact Us

# Privacy Policy

Click here for Privacy Policy effective before March 8, 2017.

Effective Date: March 8, 2017

This Privacy Policy explains Ask.fm Europe Limited (âASKfm,â âweâ,
âourâ, or âusâ) collects, uses, shares, and stores your information
when you use the ASKfm website and/or the mobile applications that link to
this Privacy Policy (âServicesâ). You should also read our Terms of Use.
When you use our Services, you are agreeing to our rules and policies,
including this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and you consent to our
collecting, processing and storing your information as described below. You
must not access or use the Services if you do not agree with our Privacy
Policy.

This Privacy Policy covers the following information:

  * 1\. Who is ASKfm?

  * 2\. How We Collect Your Information

  * 3\. Being Anonymous

  * 4\. How We Use Your Information

  * 5\. Sharing Your Information

  * 6\. Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising

  * 7\. Your Choices and Blocking Other Users

  * 8\. International Users

  * 9\. How We Protect Your Information

  * 10\. De-Activating Your Profile and/or Leaving ASKfm

  * 11\. Your EU Data Protection Rights

  * 12\. Children

  * 13\. Third Party Links and Services

  * 14\. California Privacy Rights

  * 15\. Changes to this Policy

  * 16\. Contact Us/Make a Report

1\. Who is ASKfm?

The ASKfm website is currently operated by Ask.fm Europe Limited, an Irish
limited liability company with registration number 551873 and a registered
office at 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.

The personal information you provide to us that is collected through our
Services is controlled by ASKfm in accordance with the Irish Data Protection
Acts of 1998 and 2003.

2\. How We Collect Your Information

How we collect, process and store information depends in part on how you use
the Services. You may register to use the Services (âRegistered Userâ).
You can use some of the Services without creating an account (âGuest
Userâ) or providing any information other than information that is
automatically collected as explained below. The different categories of
information we collect from you are described below.

Information We Collect From You

Information about you. We may collect information from you during your use of
the Services, including your name, username, password, email address, postal
address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth
year, and other information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to
access when you do certain things, such as:

  * Sign up and complete our registration form;

  * Create or edit your user profile;

  * Login to the Services;

  * Submit questions or answer questions;

  * Contact our customer support team or use our reporting mechanisms;

  * Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion;

  * Participate in voting or polling activities;

  * Request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, or other products);

  * Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social media service; or

  * Post user-generated content to or on our Services.

Information about your friends. You can choose to invite your friends to join
ASKfm so that you can stay in touch with them on the Services. To allow you to
use this feature, we will ask your permission to access your personal contact
list, which we will only access to store for your own use, to assist you with
inviting friends to join you on the Services, and to notify you when someone
you know joins the Services. To make it easier to search and find friends and
people you know on ASKfm, users may search for other members using first and
last name, email address, and location.

Automatically-Collected Information

We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices
(including mobile devices) you use to access the Services, and about your use
of the Services, even if you use the Services as a Guest User.

Device/Usage Information. We may collect information such as (a) IP addresses,
unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFA or other device IDs on Apple devices like
the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch), and other information about your mobile
phone or other mobile device(s) browser types, browser language, operating
system, the state or country from which you accessed the Services; and (b)
information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such
as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks,
domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the
amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the
Services, error logs, and other similar information. As described further
below, we may use third party analytics providers and technologies, including
cookies and similar tools, to assist us in understanding how our Services are
used. Such tools may collect and use your data, after we have depersonalized
it, with other ASKfm usersâ data.

Location Information. We may collect general information (e.g. IP address, zip
code) about your location, and may use that information to customize the
Services with location-based information, advertising, and features. By
accessing and using the Services, you consent to this collection and
processing of location information.

Cookies and other electronic technologies. When you use the Services, we use
persistent and session cookies and other similar technologies to: (a) store
your username and password; (b) analyze the usage of our sites and Services by
collecting the information discussed above; (c) customize the Services to your
preferences; and (d) display advertising on the Services. We may also use
other Internet technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags and other
similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and analyze your
use of the Services. We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or
newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and for other
analytics.

Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser
setting to decline cookies by visiting your browserâs help page. If you
choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in,
customize, or use some features of the Services. For more information about
our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy. By using our Services with
your browser set to accept cookies you are consenting to our use of cookies in
the manner described above and in our Cookie Policy.

Information from Third Parties

We may collect, process and store your user ID associated with any social
media account (such as your Facebook account) that you use to sign in to the
Services or connect with or use with the Services. When you sign in to your
account or mobile application with your social media account information, or
otherwise connect to your social media account with the Services, you consent
to our collection, storage, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy,
of the information that you choose to make available to us through the social
media interface. This could include, without limitation, any information that
you have made public in connection with your social media account, information
that the social media service shares with us, or information that is disclosed
as being shared during the sign-in process. Please see your social media
providerâs privacy policy for more information about how they share
information when you choose to connect your account.

We may also obtain information about you if it is contained in user-generated
content that other users post to or on our Services. For example, one of your
friends could post something about you in a question they ask you, or in an
answer they post.

We may obtain additional information about you from affiliates and may combine
that information with information which we collect from or about you and
information derived from any other product or service we or our affiliates
provide.

Anonymous or De-Identified Data

We may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services
or via other means, including via the use of third-party web analytic tools
(see Section 6 below), so that the information no longer relates to you. Where
we have appropriately anonymized and/or de-identified information it no longer
constitutes your personal information (also known as personal data). As a
result, our use and disclosure of aggregated and/or de-identified information
is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and may be disclosed to others on such
basis.

3\. Being Anonymous

The fact that you can send messages without other people knowing who you are
is part of what makes ASKfm unique and so much fun. It means that you can ask
things that you might be too embarrassed or shy to say if anyone knew it was
you. People may often be more honest when they are anonymous, whether
theyâre asking a question anonymously, or answering a question where they
don't know who has asked it.

You have the ability to decide whether to ask a question anonymously or on a
named basis each time you submit a question to another user. However, this
also means that when you receive questions or comments, you may not know who
they come from either!

Remember, as a Registered User, that even if you ask a question anonymously,
our Service will still have a record of the fact that you asked the question
(even if we keep this private). If you are a Guest User, we may not know who
you are.

Some people don't like receiving things from people if they don't know who
they are. So we provide all users with the ability to choose not to receive
questions from anonymous users on the âSettingsâ page on the website and
mobile application.

If you do choose to allow anonymous questions, please know that our intention
is that they will foster candid, open conversations. However, if someone does
abuse the option of being anonymous through inappropriate communications that
violate our Terms of Use because they know you don't know who they are, you
have the ability to report that user to us so that we may take appropriate
action. We have also built in site moderation techniques to protect you and to
prevent users from transmitting harmful content. For more information, see our
Terms of Use and our Safety and Security Essentials.

We may assist the police or other law enforcement agencies with their
requests, or produce information in response to legal process where we, in
good faith, believe that such disclosure is required by law, or to protect our
rights and property, or the safety of individual users or the public, or where
otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy.

3A. Unregistered users

In certain countries we allow unregistered users to ask questions. If you are
not a registered user and ask a question you must accept our terms of use and
privacy policy prior to asking your question. We collect information such as
your IP address. In certain countries you may be permitted to receive
questions from unregistered users. If you have chosen to allow anonymous
questions, you will be able to also receive questions from unregistered users
by default, although you always have the option to change this in your
settings. If you have chosen to not allow anonymous questions, you will have
to edit your settings in order to receive questions from unregistered users,
if this feature is available in your country. The ability to ask and receive
unregistered questions is not available in all countries. Any abuse of the
unregistered user feature will result in a ban on such users, entirely at our
discretion. As a user you can also choose to temporarily ban unregistered
users, or report to us for a longer term ban to be imposed. You should
exercise caution when allowing yourself to receive unregistered questions and
immediately report any concerns to us. We may assist the police or other law
enforcement agencies with their requests, or produce information in response
to legal process where we, in good faith, believe that such disclosure is
required by law, or to protect our rights and property, or the safety of
individual users or the public, or where otherwise permitted by this Privacy
Policy.

4\. How We Use Your Information

We use the information we receive from and about you for the following
purposes:

  * To provide the Services;

  * To process and respond to your inquiries;

  * To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us;

  * To contact you if you have filed a complaint or report, or if someone has made any claim or report against you;

  * To make suggestions to you and other Registered Users, such as suggesting Registered Usersâ profiles to follow;

  * To notify you about new features of the Services, special events, or products, services, and special offers, or to send you questions of the day;

  * To moderate content and to keep the Services safe and secure and address any security issues;

  * To generate advertising and promotional materials for our Services;

  * To understand and assess the effectiveness of advertisements on the Services;

  * To process payment for virtual goods that may be available from time to time;

  * To administer sweepstakes and contests;

  * To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns;

  * To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Services;

  * To improve the content and features of the Services;

  * To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services;

  * To safeguard ASKfmâs and othersâ rights or property;

  * To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, involving potential threats to the physical safety of a person, prevention of fraud, and violations of our Terms of Use; and

  * To administer and troubleshoot the Services.

5\. Sharing Your Information

Your Profile Information

If you are a Registered User, anyone who uses the Services is able to see your
user name and any information posted on your profile, including photos. Any
questions that you receive in your inbox cannot be seen by anyone else until
you reply to them. If you do reply, then the question and your answer will be
posted on your profile, where they can be seen by anyone who uses the Services
and views your profile. While you have the ability to delete posted questions
and answers on your profile at any time by clicking the âxâ next to the
question/answer, you should be careful to only include information in your
profile, including in any questions and answers, that you would not mind
making public. If a Registered User âlikesâ a question or answer on your
profile, the fact that the Registered User âlikedâ the content will be
automatically visible.

Your profile information will also be searchable via public search engines
(e.g., Google, Bing, Yahoo).

In general, please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should
you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as
by submitting a question to another user or by answering a question to be
posted on your profile, that information can be viewed publicly and people can
copy content that is posted on the Internet. It could also be collected and
used by third parties without our or your knowledge which may result in
unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. You should not
share personal information that might allow others to contact or locate you or
other users and you should think before you post.

Sharing Your Information with Third Parties

We don't sell or share any personal information about you with third parties,
except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We may share your information in
the following circumstances:

  * To assist in providing the Services;

  * To provide you with services or products that you have requested;

  * With companies that perform services on our behalf (including both third parties and our affiliates), such as advertising providers, advertising networks/advertising exchanges, payment processors, providers of technical infrastructure (such as servers) or engineering or other support, order fulfillment companies, moderation companies, and e-mail service providers;

  * With our affiliates for the collective benefit of our affiliatesâ businesses and for operational purposes;

  * When we believe in good faith that such sharing is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use;

  * In order to respond to the claims of violation of the rights of third parties and/or to protect the rights, property and safety of ASKfm, our employees, Registered and Guest Users, or the public. This may involve the sharing of your information with law enforcement, government agencies, courts, and/or other organizations;

  * As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets;

  * We may share your information in any other circumstances where we have your consent or are otherwise permitted to share it by law.

6\. Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising

Online Analytics

To help us better understand your use of the Services, we may use third-party
web analytics on our Services, such as Google Analytics or Flurry. These
service providers use the sort of technology described in the
âAutomatically-Collected Informationâ Section above. The information
collected by this technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by
these service providers, who use the information to evaluate ASKfm usersâ
use of the Services. We also use Google Analytics as described in the
following section. To prevent Google Analytics from collecting or using your
information, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on; to
opt-out of Flurry collecting or using your information, go Google Analytics
Opt-Out Browser Add-on.

Tailored Advertising

Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the
Services may also use cookies or similar technologies to collect information
about your use of the Services. This is done in order to help them (i) inform,
optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our website and other sites
and (ii) report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and
interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits
to our website. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks/ad
exchanges and ad servers such as Google Analytics, DoubleClick and others) to
serve tailored ads to you on the Services, and to access their own cookies or
similar technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use
to access the Services. We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy
Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be
placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the
Services by non-affiliates, third party ad technology, ad servers, ad
networks, ad exchanges, or any other non-affiliates third parties. Those
parties that use these technologies may permit you to opt out of ad targeting
as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer
through a web browser. If you are interested in more information about
tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from
being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising (i.e., not just for
the Services), you may visit the Network Advertising Initiativeâs Consumer
Opt-Out Link, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance, âYour
Online Choicesâ page and/or the Digital Advertising Allianceâs Consumer
Opt-Out Link to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that
participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for Display
Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, you can visit the Google
Ads Settings page. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is
integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you
opt-out of tailored advertising. In that case, the ads will just not be
tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out
links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms
or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms.

When accessing the Services from a mobile application you may also receive
tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system: iOS, Android
and Windows Phone provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery
of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support
materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in
order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other
devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the
applicable device or operating system or contact the applicable platform
operator.

Do Not Track Disclosure

We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the
information collected on our Services for third party purposes, and that is
why we provide the above links to the NAI âConsumer Opt-outâ, DAA opt-out,
and Google opt-out. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to
browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is still
working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.

7\. Your Choices and Blocking Other Users

You have a variety of choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of
your personal information through the Services, including the ability to
prevent other users from submitting questions to you.

  * The âPrivacyâ tab of the Settings page allows you to: (1) switch off receiving anonymous questions; and (2) hide your answers from appearing in the âStreamâ.

  * You can opt out of receiving certain e-mail notifications from us, including emails advertising ASKfm products and services, by clicking the âNotificationsâ tab of the Settings page on the mobile app and through the âPrivacyâ tab of the Settings page on the site.

  * Blocking other users. You have the ability to add any user to your âblocklistâ at any time by clicking on the âblockâ button on that userâs profile. This will prevent the user from asking you a question.

8\. International Users

While the Service is provided from Ireland, it is a global website that
operates and provides Services in various countries around the world. By
giving us any personal information, or by using the applications available on
the Services, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to
and stored and processed in our and our third-party vendorsâ facilities, in
various countries around the globe, including the United States. These
countries may have privacy laws that differ from the laws in your country or
the laws of Ireland.

9\. How We Protect Your Information

We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your
information and to maintain data security. These safeguards take into account
the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the
current state of technology.

Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized
disclosures of information, the internet and the Services are not 100% secure
so we cannot assure you that personal information we collect or store will
never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

We strongly urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe
(including your password) and to log out of your account after use. You should
not tell anyone (other than your parents or guardian, if you are a minor) your
password. If you lose your password or give it out to someone, your personal
information will be at risk. If that happens, you should report it to us
immediately by clicking here. You must also change your password immediately
via your âSettingsâ page. We are not responsible for your failure to keep
your password secure and failure to do so may breach our Terms of Use. We also
strongly recommend that you change your password from time to time.

10\. De-Activating Your Profile and/or Leaving ASKfm

You also have the right (in certain cases) to modify or delete the personal
information we hold about you. You can generally exercise these rights by
following the process described in the âDe-activating Your Profileâ and
âLeaving ASKfmâ sections of this Privacy Policy. However, you can also
contact us using the details in Section 16 below if you wish to modify
information that cannot be amended or deleted through the Service.

De-activating Your Profile

You can deactivate your profile by signing in to the Services with your
password and opting to deactivate your profile. This option is available from
your Settings page.

By deactivating your account, it will no longer be visible to other users of
the Services. Your profile information will be retained in case you later
decide to restore your account. Many members deactivate their accounts for
temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information
until they return to ASKfm. You should ordinarily be able to restore your
account and the whole of your profile within 12 months of deactivating it but
we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case.

Leaving ASKfm

Should you choose to leave ASKfm, you may do so by selecting the âI want to
leave ASKfmâ tab on the Contact Us page. Once received, we will process your
request to leave as soon as practicable. Once processed, your profile data
will be removed from the Services and your questions to friends will be
converted to anonymous questions (in other words, questions you have asked
will remain visible but will appear to be from an anonymous user). You will be
able to reactivate your account by logging back in for a period of 30 days
after your request to leave ASKfm is processed. At the end of that period your
account will be deleted and all âlikesâ which you have added to questions
will be removed. We will delete your data as soon as reasonably practicable,
but in certain cases limited types of data, including log files and backups,
may take up to 90 days to be fully deleted.

In order to enforce our Terms of Use and to prevent abuse of the Services, we
may retain basic account information reasonably necessary to ensure a former
user whose account has been terminated for breach of the Terms of Use does not
open a new account and profile in further breach of our Terms of Use. We may
also retain additional information where we reasonably believe that we are
legally obligated to do so (such as where such information may be relevant for
a law enforcement investigation).

Warning:Â After you have deactivated your account or left ASKfm, questions you
have previously transmitted through the Services may still appear on the
Services, but will be anonymized and no longer associated with you directly
(in other words, a question you asked on your friendâs profile will still be
visible, but will not include your user name).Â Please also note that even
after you remove information from your profile or deactivate your account,
copies of such content may still be visible and/or accessed on the Internet to
the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or to the
extent such information has been shared with, indexed by or cached by search
engines.Â Similarly, if you have given third party applications or websites
(e.g. other social networks) access to your personal information they may keep
that information.Â We cannot control this, nor do we accept any responsibility
or liability for this.

11\. Your EU Data Protection Rights

Changing Your Profile

Because you control your profile, you can see the personal information you've
provided to us by accessing your âProfileâ page, which gives you the
option to correct or update your information at any time by just logging into
the Services. Once you register, you will be able to change most of your
personal information, including: your name; your country; your contact email
address; your profile picture; and your password. You will not be able to
change your birth date. You will also have the option to delete questions and
answers posted to your profile at any time.

You have a right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. Such
a request must be in writing. You can do this via our contact form: Feedback.
We will contact you to let you know what else we need from you before we send
you a copy of your personal information. We reserve the right to charge the
statutory fee (currently â¬6.35) to process such a request.

12\. Children

The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do
not knowingly collect (or knowingly allow any third party to collect) personal
information from persons under the age of 13. If we become aware that personal
information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will
delete this information and terminate the personâs account as quickly as
possible. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a
child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact information
below.

13\. Third Party Links and Services

The Services may contain links to third-party websites, including other social
media services. Your use of these features may result in the collection,
processing or sharing of information about you by a third party, depending on
the feature. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or
privacy practices of other websites or services which may be linked on the
Services. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party
websites or services. The personal information you choose to provide to or
that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
We strongly encourage you to read such third partiesâ privacy statements.

14\. California Privacy Rights

California law permits users who are California residents to request and
obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to
whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct
marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal
information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and
would like to request this information, please submit your request by clicking
here.

15\. Changes to this Policy

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time to
reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the
features of our Services, or advances in technology. Please check this page
periodically for changes. If we make any material changes to this Privacy
Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify our Registered
Users by email or by means of a notice on the Services. Save for urgent
changes (such as those required by law) we will post such a notice on our
website prior to the changes becoming effective. Please review the changes
carefully. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes
to this policy will mean you consent to and accept those changes. If you do
not consent to such changes you can delete your account by following the
process described in the âDe-activating Your Profileâ and âLeaving
ASKfmâ sections of this Privacy Policy.

Ask.fm Europe Limited is a private limited company incorporated in Ireland
with company number 551873 and its registered office at 6th Floor, South Bank
House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Our VAT number is IE 3323023RH.

  * About
  * Safety center
  * Blog
  * Help
  * Terms
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Contact Us

  * Ask.fm
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Instagram
  * VKontakte

##### Â©Ask.fm 2015

