  * Join 
  * Log in 
  * Host videos 
    * Compare plans
    * Professionals
    * Businesses
    * Video lovers
    * Video School
  * Watch 
    * Staff Picks
    * Categories
    * Channels
    * Groups
    * Apps
    * More…
  * On Demand 
    * What’s new
    * Discover
    * Genres
    * TV + Series
    * Start selling

Upload

# Vimeo.com Privacy Policy

Last Updated: July 13, 2016

Vimeo, Inc. respects the privacy of our users and has developed this Privacy
Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. These privacy
policies (the "Privacy Policy") are intended to describe for you, as an
individual who is a user of Vimeo.com or any of our related sites, mobile and
connected TV applications, or other online services, the information we
collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and
your choices about such uses and disclosures.

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website
or services or transacting business with us. By using our websites or any of
our applications, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy
Policy. Vimeo, Inc. is a part of the IAC family of businesses (www.iac.com).

If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end
of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.

## Information We Collect About You

In General. We may collect personal information that can identify you, such as
your name and email address, and other information that does not identify you.
When you provide personal information through our website, the information may
be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the
world.

  * Information you provide. We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website or provide to us in some other manner, including personal information that may be contained in any video, comment or other submission you upload or post to the website. This includes identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number; your likeness; and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). We also may request information about your interests and activities, your gender and age, and other demographic information.
  * Information from other sources. We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other IAC businesses, business partners, contractors and other third parties. Examples of information that we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, purchase history, and additional demographic information.
  * Information about others. We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us. If you use our website to send others (friends, relatives, colleagues, etc.) a product as a gift, information that may interest them or messages (such as invitations) through our system, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of each such recipient. Similarly, if you use our website to upload, share and/or distribute content (including videos, comments or other submissions), and such content contains personal information about others, such information may be stored in order to allow for such uploading, sharing and/or distribution.

Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information. We use various
technologies to collect information from your computer and about your
activities on our site. For more information on Cookies, please see our Cookie
Policy.

  * Information collected automatically. We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit our website. This information includes your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies" below), and the referring website address.
  * Cookies. When you visit our website, we may assign your computer one or more cookies, to facilitate access to our site and to personalize your online experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our website.
  * Other Technologies. We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of our site. We also may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities.
  * Information collected by third-parties. We may allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, IAC companies, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Unless expressly stated otherwise, our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).

## How We Use the Information We Collect

In General. We may use information that we collect about you to:

  * deliver the products and services that you have requested;
  * manage your account and provide you with customer support;
  * perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
  * communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our sister IAC companies or other third parties;
  * develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other sites;
  * verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
  * enforce our terms and conditions;
  * manage our business and
  * perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.

Financial information. We may use financial information or payment method to
process payment for any purchases, subscriptions or sales made on our website,
to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise
as needed to manage our business.

Please review "Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information"
below.

## With Whom We Share Your Information

We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other
information we have collected about you or your activities on our website or
while using our services.

Personal information. We do not share your personal information with others
except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to
opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal
information with:

  * Authorized service providers: We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our website. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
  * Seat Access.If you are a PRO or Business subscriber, you may grant access to your account to others subject to a seat limit. By doing so, you will be sharing all information related to the content and settings of your account except for your account credentials.
  * Business partners: When you make purchases, reservations or engage in promotions offered through our website or our services, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant’s offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant.
  * Direct mail partners. From time to time we may share our postal mailing list with selected providers of goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive mailings from these providers, you can notify us at any time by clicking here.
  * Other IAC businesses. We are part of the IAC family of businesses (go to www.iac.com for a listing of these businesses). We may share information we collect, including personal information, with the IAC companies. Sharing information with our IAC companies enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you.
  * Other Situations. We also may disclose your information: 
    * In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion.
    * When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, report or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
    * In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their
own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal
information. Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your
personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as
described in this Privacy Policy. If you want to learn more about their
privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third
parties. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or
outside the United States.

Aggregated and non-personal information. We may share aggregated and non-
personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may
also share it with third parties and our IAC sister companies to develop and
deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of third parties.
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-
personal information collected from other sources. We also may share
aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and
investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For
example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and
the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not
contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content
and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to
target content and advertising.

## Third-Party Websites

There are a number of places on our website or through our services where you
may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this
Privacy Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a search
result on our website, you may be taken to a website that we do not control.
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information,
including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us
with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that
you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by
clicking on the "privacy" link typically located at the bottom of the webpage
you are visiting.

## How You Can Access Your Information

If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to review and
update your personal information online by logging into your account. You can
also review and update your personal information by contacting us. More
information about how to contact us is provided below.

If you have an account with us, you also may choose to close your account (and
remove any of your content) at any time by following the directions provided
here or contacting customer support at: support@vimeo.com. After you close
your account, you will not be able to sign in to our website or access any of
your personal information. However, you can open a new account at any time. If
you close your account, we may still retain certain information associated
with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well
as to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions,
take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our
users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In addition, if
certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in
this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those
third parties’ policies.

## Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information

  * You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member; purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our website.
  * When you register on our website you may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages and/or newsletters about product updates, improvements, special offers, or containing special distributions of content by us. At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us by clicking on the following link and entering the email address associated with your account: click here. You also will be given the opportunity, in any commercial e-mail that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Please note that, changing information in your account, or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party (such as a credit card processing partner or an event provider) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party.
  * You may tell us not to share your personal information with third parties or the IAC family of companies for direct marketing purposes by clicking on the following link and entering the email address associated with your account: click here.

## How We Protect Your Personal Information

We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and
procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from
unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees are
permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for
permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the
transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and
ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining
access to your personal information.

We want you to feel confident using our website to transact business. However,
no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to
secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that
your personal information, searches, or other communications will always
remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose
their personal information and should avoid sending personal information
through insecure email. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website
at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how
to protect yourself against identity theft.

## User Submissions

We may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about
yourself and others and communicate with others; upload content (e.g.
pictures, videos, audio files, etc.); and post comments or reviews of content
found on the Website. Such postings are governed by our Terms and Conditions
of Use. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when
searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you
voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that
information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by
others. For example, if you post your email address or share it with another
user, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your
postings or what other users may do with the information you post or otherwise
share with other users, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution
with respect to your personal information. Once you have posted information,
you may not be able to edit or delete such information.

## Children’s Privacy

Our website is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under the age of 13.

## Visiting Our Websites from Outside the United States

This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on or via
our website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our
website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information
may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our
servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection
and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as
comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take
reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our
services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our
facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this
privacy policy.

## No Rights of Third Parties

This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or
require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the
website.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our
practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will
revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make
any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal
information, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address you
most recently provided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we
do not have such an email address), and/or by prominently posting notice of
the changes on our website. We recommend that you check our website from time
to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our
other policies.

## How to Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-
handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our
disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes, please contact us by email or postal mail as follows:

> Vimeo, Inc.  
>  555 West 18th Street  
>  New York, New York 10011  
>

(C)2017 Vimeo, Inc. All rights reserved.

#### Linked information:

##### Cookies:

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record
keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies.
A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it
easier for you to navigate our website. A persistent cookie remains on your
hard drive for an extended period of time.

For example, when you sign in to our website, we will record your user or
member ID and the name on your user or member account in the cookie file on
your computer. We also may record your password in this cookie file, if you
indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in. For
security purposes, we will encrypt any usernames, passwords, and other user or
member account-related data that we store in such cookies. In the case of
sites and services that do not use a user or member ID, the cookie will
contain a unique identifier. We may allow our authorized service providers to
serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various
activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our
site, content and advertising.

You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. (Click
"Help" in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) If you do so, some
of the features and services of our website may not function properly.

We may allow third-parties, including IAC companies, advertising companies,
and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may
use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users
who view or interact with their advertisements. Our website does not provide
any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect
information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or
clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this
information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also
may combine this information with personal information they collect from you.
The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party’s
privacy policy. This information allows them to deliver targeted
advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party
advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of
ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).

##### Web Beacons:

Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny
graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are
used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies. Unlike
cookies which are stored on the user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are
embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in email) and are about the size of
the period at the end of this sentence.

Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users
who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns. We also may
receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an
online advertisement displayed on a third-party website.

####  Vimeo

  * About Vimeo 
  * Vimeo Blog 
  * Vimeo Guidelines 
  * Developers 
  * Jobs 

####  Help

  * Help Center 
  * Video School 
  * FAQ 
  * Forums 

####  More

  * On Demand 
  * Everywhere 
  * Upload 
  * Site Map 

####  Upgrade

  * Vimeo Plus 
  * Vimeo PRO 
  * Vimeo Business 
  * Refer a friend 

#### Did you know?

Pay a visit to your stats dashboard to get powerful insights into how your
videos are performing.

TM + (C) 2017 Vimeo, Inc. All rights reserved.

  * Terms 
  * Privacy 
  * Copyright 
  * Cookies 

Made with  in NYC.

Language: English Mature content filter: None

