#  Privacy Policy

6zg

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which LSTV Entertaimend IBC.
collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users
(each, a „User") of the http://www.live-stream.tv website („Site"). This
privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by
LSTV Entertaimend IBC..

Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of
ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on
the site, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other
activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal
identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such
information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification
information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site
related activities.

Non-personal identification information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever
they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may
include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about
Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the
Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

Web browser cookies

Our Site may use „cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser
places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes
to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to
refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so,
note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

How we use collected information

LSTV Entertaimend IBC. may collect and use Users personal information for the
following purposes:

  * - To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
  * - To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
  * - To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
  * - To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.

How we protect your information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and
security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration,
disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password,
transaction information and data stored on our Site.

Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to
others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to
any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our
business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes
outlined above.

Third party websites

Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites
and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and
other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on
these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites
linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including
their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services
may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing
and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to
our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

Advertising

Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners,
who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your
computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non
personal identification information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted
advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy
policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Google Adsense

Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other
sites on the Internet. DART uses „non personally identifiable information" and
does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email
address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie
by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Changes to this privacy policy

LSTV Entertaimend IBC. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any
time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay
informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we
collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review
this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of
service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your
continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will
be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:

LSTV Entertaimend IBC. http://www.live-stream.tv Capital City Building P.O.
Box 1366 Victoria, Mahé, Seychelles lstv1000@gmail.com This document was last
updated on March 13, 2014

  * DEUTSCHLAND

noch min.

### ARD

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ZDF

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SAT1

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### RTL

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### RTL2

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### PRO7

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### VOX

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### KABEL1

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SIXX

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### DMAX

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SUPERRTL

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### RTLNITRO

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### PRO7_MAXX

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### 3SAT

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### TELE5

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ZDFNEO

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### EUROSPORT

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SPORT1

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### NICKCC

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### DISNEY_CHANNEL

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### KIKA

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### VIVA

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### DELUXEMUSIC

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ARTE

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### NTV

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### N24

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### PHOENIX

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ZDFINFO

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ZDFKULTUR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### WDR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### MDR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SWR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### NDR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### HR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### RBB

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### BR

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### FUSSBALL

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

  * ÖSTERREICH & SCHWEIZ

noch min.

### ORF1

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ORF2

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### ATV

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SERVUSTV

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SF1

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### SF2

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

noch min.

### 3PLUS

Keine Programminformationen verfuegbar

### Twitter updates

  * Keywords  
RTL Live Stream  
PRO7 Online Stream  
Schoener Fernsehen  
Free TV Streaming  
Kostenlos Online Fernsehen

  *    
Magine TV Alternative  
Kostenlos RTL Fernsehen  
PRO7 Live TV  
Free TV Streaming  
Internet Fernsehen

  *    
TV Stream Deutsch  
Online Deutsch Fernsehen  
Live Fernsenen  
Streaming TV Live  
Internet Live Stream TV

  * Live-Stream.TV  
Anmelden  
Registrieren  
TV Programm  
Heute ab 20:15  
Hilfe

  * Info  
Impresum  
Cookie Policy  
Privacy Policy  
DMCA

