  * Minecraft Mods
    * 1.11.2 Mods
    * 1.11 Mods
    * 1.10.2 Mods
    * 1.9.4 Mods
    * 1.7.10 Mods
  * Minecraft Maps
    * 1.11.2 Maps
    * 1.11 Maps
    * 1.10.2 Maps
    * 1.9.4 Maps
  * Minecraft Resource Packs
    * 1.11.2 Resource Packs
    * 1.11 Resource Packs
    * 1.10.2 Resource Packs
    * 1.9.4 Resource Packs
  * Minecraft Texture Packs
    * PvP Texture Packs
    * 1.11.2 Texture Packs
    * 1.11 Texture Packs
    * 1.10.2 Texture Packs
    * 1.9.4 Texture Packs
  * Tools

Search

MinecraftSix | Mods, Maps, Resource Packs and Tools

  * Minecraft Mods
    * 1.11.2 Mods
    * 1.11 Mods
    * 1.10.2 Mods
    * 1.9.4 Mods
    * 1.7.10 Mods
  * Minecraft Maps
    * 1.11.2 Maps
    * 1.11 Maps
    * 1.10.2 Maps
    * 1.9.4 Maps
  * Minecraft Resource Packs
    * 1.11.2 Resource Packs
    * 1.11 Resource Packs
    * 1.10.2 Resource Packs
    * 1.9.4 Resource Packs
  * Minecraft Texture Packs
    * PvP Texture Packs
    * 1.11.2 Texture Packs
    * 1.11 Texture Packs
    * 1.10.2 Texture Packs
    * 1.9.4 Texture Packs
  * Tools

#  Privacy Policy

This privacy policy sets out how minecraftsix.com uses and protects any
information that you give minecraftsix.com when you use this website.

MinecraftSix.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be
identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only
be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

MinecraftSix.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this
page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are
happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 2015/04/28.

What we collect

We may collect the following information:

  * demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
  * other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * Internal record keeping.
  * We may use the information to improve our reviews.

Ad Networks

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web
site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name,
address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and
other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of
interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies

We use the following ad networks:

  * Google Adsense (Privacy Policy)

Especially Google Adsense Privacy Policy

  * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
  * Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
  * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

### Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.

Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you
have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have
any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for
the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to
the website in question.

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third
parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may
use your personal information to send you promotional information about third
parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish
this to happen.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or
incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly
correct any information found to be incorrect.

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
using the information below.

http://minecraftsix.com/contact-us/

Minecraft is the fastest growing Java game in the Internet history. We offer
you Minecraft maps, mods, resource packs and much more.  
Have fun!

Contact us: [email protected]

#### POPULAR POSTS

### Optifine HD Mod for Minecraft 1.12/1.11.2/1.10.2/1.7.10

May 20, 2017

### GLSL Shaders Mod for Minecraft 1.11/1.10.2/1.9.4/1.7.10

Nov 15, 2016

### X-Ray Mod for Minecraft 1.11.2/1.10.2/1.9.4

Jan 14, 2017

#### POPULAR CATEGORY

  * Minecraft Mods998
  * Minecraft Resource Packs752
  * Minecraft Texture Packs752
  * Minecraft Maps697
  * Minecraft Tools14
  * Command Creations12
  * Minecraft Seeds9
  * Minecraft Bukkit Plugins7

  * Contact Us
  * Terms and Conditions
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy

© Copyright 2017 - MinecraftSix. All Rights Reserved.

