## WoWProgress

#1 WoW Rankings Website

* * *

# Privacy Policy

## What information do we collect about you and how do we use it?

### How We Use Your Personal Information

  1. When you register for WoWProgress.com services, we will ask you to provide personal information such as name and email. This data is stored in our secure databases. 
  2. Upon logging into your account, as well as site navigation, we collect an ip address as well as the date and time. Server logs also capture information such as referer, browser type and request. 
  3. We use cookies, sessions and other tracking technologies to maintain the state of the user interaction. We also use these methods to store personal preferences in order to enhance the user experience. 
  4. Some of our third party advertisers set cookies on your machine to track user interaction. These cookies are subject to the privacy policies of these companies. These advertisers do not have access to the WoWProgress.com cookies. 
  5. We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties. Member emails are used to send activation links, site updates and violation notices. 
  6. WoWProgress.com never sends SPAM emails. If you get one which looks like it is coming from us, it is likely a fake. 

### Cookies

“Cookies” are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a
visitor’s browser and are stored on the visitor’s hard drive. Like many
websites, we employ cookies in certain areas of the Site(s) to allow us to
provide information which is targeted to your interests and to make your
online experience more convenient. For example, when you return to one of our
websites after logging in, cookies provide information to the website so that
the website will remember who you are. Should you disable cookies in your
browser, you will have to provide your screen name and password each time you
log in. Additionally, advertisements that are managed by third parties which
may appear on the Site(s) use cookies. Advertisers use cookies to collect non-
personal information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their
banner advertisements. You may not realize this information is being
collected. Advertisers use this information to monitor the performance of
their advertisements. In some cases, we may have access to information from
cookies used by these advertisers on the Site(s) and this information may
permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also
associated such advertisers.

### Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. We
take children’s privacy seriously, and encourage parents to play an active
role in their children’s online experience at all times.

## Will we share your personal information with third parties?

### Sharing of Information

We may use your personal information to provide analyses of our users in the
aggregate to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties. We may
also disclose and otherwise use, on an anonymous basis, affiliation, position,
interests and other non-personal information about customers.

### Additional Information You Should Know About Third Parties

This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third party
websites linked to the Site(s) or third party offer and/or newsletter opt-ins
provided through the Site(s). Although we encourage such third parties to
adopt and follow their own privacy policies, we are not responsible for their
collection and use of your personal information. You should refer to the
privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective
webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information
collection, use and disclosure policies.

When you have clicked on an advertisement or third party logo displayed on our
Site(s) which links you to a different website, our Privacy Policy no longer
applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your
personal information will be handled on their website.

Site Features may also have message boards, forums and/or chat areas, where
users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When you post to a
message board, forum or chat area, please be aware that the information you
post is made publicly available on-line and you do so at your own risk.

## What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal
information?

### Control of Your Information

We may use third-party advertising companies, such as Yahoo!, Google, OpenX,
Lijit to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use
information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about
goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information
about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies, see the Digital Advertising Alliance’s or Network
Advertising Initiative’s website.

login register

Login:Password:  
  
  
  

* * *



* * *

* * *

© 2008-2017 WoWProgress.com

Hearthstone Rankings Guild Progress Diablo 3 Ladder Terms of Service Privacy
Policy FAQ Contact

Tell your friends about WoWProgress!

World of Warcraft is a registered trademark of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.





hint: type realm and/or guild/character names  

WoWProgress on Facebook

x

## Login Form

Login incorrect

Login  
Password  
registration  
restore password  
  
&lt;div&gt;&lt;img src="//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-
bin/m?ci=us-603339h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;ts=noscript" width="1"
height="1" alt="" /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

