Toggle navigation

  * Dashboard
  * Modpacks
  * Community 
    * Community Feed
    * Technic Blog
    *     * Chat on Discord
    * Forums
    * Wiki
    * Guides &amp; Support
    * Technic Status
  * Download

  * Register
  * Sign In 

# Privacy Policy

### What information do we collect?

We collect information from you when you register on our website, though we
only require your chosen username, password, and email address.

When registering on our site, you will be asked to enter your name and e-mail
address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously without creating an
account.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on
their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out
of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network
privacy policy.

### What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following
ways:

  * To personalize your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
  * To improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
  * To administer a contest or other site feature
  * To send periodic emails through our newsletter and account updates
  * The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

### How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your
personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal
information.

### Do we use cookies?

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to
your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables
the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture
and remember certain information

We use cookies to help us remember, understand and save your preferences for
future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site
interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the
future.

### Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third
parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or
servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information
confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours
or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable
visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing,
advertising, or other uses.

### Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products
or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and
independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability
for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to
protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

### California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in
compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore
will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your
consent.

As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site
may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their
dashboard and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.

### Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy
Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years
of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are
at least 13 years old or older.

### Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our
website and not to information collected offline.

### Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.

### Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy
modification date below.

This policy was last modified on 02/13/2013

### Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
using the information below

[email protected]

  * technicpack.net/home
  * About Technic
  * Help
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * Contact Us

Copyright (C) Syndicate LLC 2014. All Rights Reserved.  
Technic Status \- Technic Platform v2.1.5

