Login Sign Up

Manga Fox

Advanced Surprise

  * Register
  * Login

  * Home
  * Latest Releases
  * Manga Directory
  * Forums
  * Bookmark
  * Partner Manhua
  * ACG Topics

# Privacy Policy

The following webpage outlines MangaFox's collection and use of personal
information from it's users. mangafox.me values the privacy of our members and
users, we will never share any personal information of anybody who logs on to
MangaFox with anyone. This includes your e-mail address, name, and location.
Upon logging on to MangaFox such things as your IP address and hostname are
logged for statistical and security reasons.

Cookies

A cookie is a very small text file placed on your system upon logging on to
MangaFox (and most other websites). This file serves as your identification
card and is uniquely yours, and can only be read by the server that gave it to
you. Cookies tell us that you have returned to a specific web page on MangaFox
and help us track your preferences and transactional habits. The basic
function of cookies is to help our server remember who you are.

Children's Privacy

MangaFox does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age
of 13. We make reasonable efforts to prevent someone who is underage from
joining as a member of MangaFox, and will not collect information from them.
If MangaFox learns that a child under the age of 13 has become a member, we
will close that child's account and delete any information collected about the
child.

Not withstanding the foregoing, MangaFox may choose to retain some personal
information such as the child's e-mail address as a means to prevent the child
from re-registering at our website. The Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act (COPPA) went into effect in April 2000, and as a result websites all over
the world wide web had to change their standards to not collect any
information from a child.

Disclosing Information

MangaFox may store and disclose personal information allowed or required by
applicable law or when deemed advisable by us. This means that we may make
disclosures that are necessary to conform to legal and regulatory requirements
or processes and to protect the rights, safety, and property of MangaFox,
users of the MangaFox website, and the public.

Security

At MangaFox we make reasonable efforts to protect personal information such as
passwords and use technology such as encryption, access control procedures,
firewalls, and physical security. We urge you to use a unique password with
both letters and numbers to protect your account on MangaFox and it's
affiliated websites. If others, including family, friends or other household
members access and use the message board through your login credentials, you
are responsible for the actions of that individual. Only in extreme cases will
your account be fully terminated.

Third Parties

Third Party websites may collect information from users of MangaFox, this
information will include your IP address, hostname, and information about your
system to help us serve you better. These are purely used for statistical
reasons, and will not be used in any way other then that. If you would like
more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having
this information used by these companies,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Website Policy Changes

MangaFox reserves the right to change this, and any other policy located on
our website at anytime without notifying our users. If you have any comments,
questions, or concerns regarding this policy, or any other policy you may send
them to us at policy at mangafox.me.

Z6 Shop | Manga App | Hot Manga | Anime Products | Free Manga | Hot Topics |
Hunter Online | Shojo Manga | Anime Community App

Copyrights and trademarks for the manga, and other promotional materials are
held by their respective owners and their use is allowed under the fair use
clause of the Copyright Law. (C) 2017 MangaFox.me. Current Time is GMT
04:31pm.  
Privacy Policy | Legal Disclaimer | Terms of Service | Contact Us | Mobile
Version | FAQ | Top

Manga  
AppFor  
Mobile

