  * Sputnik International
  * all editions

Log inRegisterLog out

19:28 GMT +301 June 2017

  * Home
  * World
  * Politics
  * Business
  * Opinion
  * Life
  * Tech
  * Radio
  * Multimedia
  * Cartoons
  * Blogs

  * Europe
  * US
  * Russia
  * Latin America
  * Middle East
  * Asia &amp; Pacific
  * Africa

  * As If
  * Brave New World
  * By Any Means Necessary
  * Context Countdown
  * Connecting The Pieces
  * Double Down
  * Hard Facts
  * Level Talk
  * Loud &amp; Clear
  * The BradСast
  * Thom Hartmann Program
  * Trendstorm
  * Fault Lines

  * Photo
  * Video
  * Infographics

Live

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Search

# Privacy Policy

# Privacy Policy

When you use Sputnik websites and applications, various types of personally
identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you may become
available or be purposefully collected by Sputnik and third parties that
provide site usage statistics services to us.

Sputnik is committed to keeping such data confidential and does not seek to
gather any personal information aside from that which allows us to provide you
with a quality service, analyze the readability of our own content and
functionality of our web and mobile products.

What information we collect:

\- Your email address, as well as other information about yourself (e.g. user
name, name, place of residence, phone number) you are either required to fill
in or choose to disclose to us if you decide to register at sputniknews.com or
contact us using our Feedback form

\- Information acquired using cookies stored on your computer or device that
allow us to recognize you when you return to Sputnik websites (You can use
your browser settings to change your privacy preferences regarding the use of
cookies)

\- Any information about yourself you choose to make public when commenting on
Sputnik websites

\- Your list of favorite stories in the event you choose to establish one in
your Sputnik profile

\- Any information about yourself that you choose to disclose through an email
sent to us

\- Personal information that becomes available to us when you access our
content or use our applications through third-party websites and platforms
(e.g. social networks)

\- Your IP address, as well as information about your browser, type of
operating system, type of handheld or mobile device you are using to access
Sputnik websites and applications

\- Non-personally identifiable data collected by third parties gathering user-
behavior statistics on Sputnik websites for us, which includes information
about the location from which our websites are accessed and information about
the content viewed.

Sputnik websites and applications may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and
controlled by third parties. Please be advised that Sputnik is not responsible
or liable for the privacy policies of such web sources.

How we may use personal information:

\- To provide you our online content

\- To personalize your Sputnik experience

\- To receive feedback from you and respond to it

\- To contact you about anything you may submit to Sputnik

\- To analyze user behavior in order to improve our web and mobile products

\- To block attempts to disrupt the work of our websites and applications

\- To prevent violations of Sputnik comment posting rules

Sharing of personal information

We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required
or permitted by the laws of the Russian Federation or international
legislation or by the laws of foreign countries.

Sputnik may share personal data in the following cases:

\- when transfer of personal data is effected upon consent of the owner of the
data to have that personal data processed;

\- when transfer of personal data is required for the administration of
justice in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation or international
legislation or with the laws of foreign countries;

\- when transfer of personal data is required for Sputnik or the third parties
to exercise their legal rights and interests, or in order to achieve a
significant public benefit conditional that it involves no violation to the
rights and freedoms of the owner of personal data;

\- in other cases defined by the laws of the Russian Federation or
international legislation or by the laws of foreign countries.

Sputnik strives to keep your personal information from being accessed by
unauthorized third parties by using reasonable means to safeguard it. However,
as transfer of any kind of data over the internet is never 100 per cent
secure, we cannot give you any guarantees and urge you to be cautious when
disclosing sensitive information.

Changes

Sputnik may update this Privacy policy periodically. We advise you to review
this document from time to time. If you have any comments or enquiries you are
welcome to contact us using the Feedback form.

### News

  * Latest
  * Most Read
  * Most Discussed

  * 19:20Why SPIEF Forum in Russia is 'the Main Business Event' for Foreign Entrepreneurs
  * 19:16Russia-Turkey Deal on S-400 System Supplies Not Signed Yet
  * 19:15Russia to Loan India for 3rd Stage of Kudankulam NPP Construction - Minister
  * 19:10Moscow Regards US Allegations Against Russian Ambassador Kislyak as 'Bullying'
  * 19:06Investment in Alternative Energy to Rise in Russia - Renewable Energy Agency

All news

  * Race for Hypersonic Superiority: Russia Over Half-a-Decade Ahead of the US

11565

  * UK's New Aircraft Carrier Specially Designed to Allow It to 'Duck' Under Bridges

9849

  * Russian Navy Launches Cruise Missiles From Sub on Daesh Targets Near Palmyra

9544

  * With China Rattled by Long Bridge, India to Build 17 Highways for Jet Landing

7866

  * Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him?

7415

All news

  * Clapper: Russians ‘Genetically Driven’ to Interfere in Elections

71

  * McCain: Putin a Greater Threat Than Daesh

53

  * Russia Has Little Reason to Trust NATO After It Absorbed Whole of Eastern Europe

38

  * Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him?

36

  * ‘Not Why I Lost’: Hillary Blames Literally Everyone But Herself for Defeat

32

All news

### Multimedia

  * Photo
  * Cartoons
  * Infographics

Blond Bombshells: Female Politicians Who Rock Fair Hair

No Difference?

New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles

News

    Home

World

  * Europe
  * US
  * Russia
  * Latin America
  * Middle East
  * Asia &amp; Pacific
  * Africa

Politics

    Business

Military &amp; Intelligence

Society

  * Tech
  * Environment
  * Life

Sport

Analysis &amp; Opinion

    Opinion

Columnists

Interviews

Blogs

Multimedia

    Photo

Infographics

Cartoons

Video

Radio

    Shows

In Depth

Sputnik

    About Us

Press Info

Products

Apps

Terms of Use

Contact Us

© 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved

Register

E-mail:

Screen Name:

Password:

Confirm password:

Please type the code

Log inPrivacy Policy

By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and
give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the
Privacy Policy

Register* All fields are required

Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been
sent to

Ok

Password recovery

Enter e-mail

Please type the code

Restore

Log inPrivacy Policy

Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to

Ok

RegistrationDo you have a Sputniknews.com account?YesNo

Registration

###  Hello, !

E-mail:

Password:

Remember me

Sign in

I do not have a Sputniknews.com account

RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy

Ok

Registration

###  Hello, !

E-mail:

Screen Name:

Next

Log in

I have a Sputniknews.com account

Ok

Delete accountAre you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?

YesNo

Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by
following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.

Close

Community standards

The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via
users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these
rules.

Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged
to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and
individuals referenced in the posts.

The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in
languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content.

In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted
can be edited.

A user comment will be deleted if it:

  * does not correspond with the subject of the post;
  * promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities;
  * violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage;
  * contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities;
  * contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations;
  * contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik;
  * violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence;
  * describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals;
  * contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide;
  * pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information;
  * promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization;
  * contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition;
  * contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes;
  * promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use;
  * contains links to viruses and malicious software;
  * is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob");
  * “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages;
  * violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling");
  * doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences.

The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or
delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these
rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected.

Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting
the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com

The letter must contain:

  * Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access
  * User ID
  * An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock.

If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it
will be done.

In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second
block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored.

To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com

Log in

E-mail:

Password:

Remember me

Sign in

RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy

Other ways to sign in:  

Ok

