Advertising â Privacy &amp; Terms â Google

#

##  Privacy &amp; Terms

Skip to content

  * Overview
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * Technologies and Principles
  * FAQ
  * My Account

  * Technologies
  * Advertising 
  * How Google uses cookies
  * How Google uses pattern recognition
  * Types of location data used by Google
  * How Google Wallet uses credit card numbers
  * How Google Voice works
  * Google Product Privacy Guide

# Advertising

Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of
charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as
relevant as possible. For example, you wonât see pop-up ads on Google, and
we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and
advertisers that violate our policies each year â including ads containing
malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your
personal information.

## How Google uses cookies in advertising

Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, itâs
harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were
shown and how many clicks they received.

Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads
to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number
of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again,
to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more
relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).

We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These server logs typically
include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date
and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify
your browser. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important
of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our
systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after
9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).

### Our advertising cookies

To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many
products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of
DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one
of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps,
various cookies may be sent to your browser.

These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com,
doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com, or
googleadservices.com. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to
use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and
reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your
browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.

See more detail about the types of cookies used by Google and our partners and
how we use them.

### How you can control advertising cookies

You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt out of Ads
Personalization. Even if you opt out of Ads Personalization, you may still see
ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP
address, your browser type, and your search terms.

You can also manage many companiesâ cookies used for online advertising via
the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many
countries, such as the US-based aboutads.info choices page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices.

Finally, you can manage cookies in your web browser.

## Other technologies used in advertising

Googleâs advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and
HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the IP
address, for example, to identify your general location. We may also select
advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as your
device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.

#### Location

Googleâs ad products may receive or infer information about your location
from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify
your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile
device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or
apps that you use may send information about your location to us. Google uses
location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to
improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to
report aggregate statistics to advertisers.

### Advertising identifiers on mobile devices

To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for
example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar
functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for
advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device
in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This
can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web
page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to
our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.

To opt out of personalized ads in apps on your mobile device, follow the
instructions below.

#### Android

  1. Find Google Settings in one of these places (depending on your device): 
    1. A separate app called Google Settings
    2. In your main Settings app, scroll down and tap Google
  2. Tap Ads
  3. Switch on Opt out of interest-based ads

#### iOS

Devices with iOS use Appleâs Advertising Identifier. To learn more about
your choices for use of this identifier, visit the Settings app on your
device.

#### What determines the ads by Google that I see?

Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.

Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP
address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you
might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming
movie in your country, or a search for âpizzaâ might return results for
pizza places in your town.

Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If youâre
looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening
equipment.

Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web thatâs based on your app
activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad thatâs based on your
web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.

Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another
company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From
information youâve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which
ads to show you, and it can use Googleâs ad serving products to deliver
those ads.

You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail,
and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you
provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.

#### Why am I seeing ads by Google for products Iâve viewed?

You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Letâs suppose you visit
a website that sells golf clubs, but you donât buy those clubs on your first
visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete
your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their
ads to people who visited their pages.

For this to work, Google either reads a cookie thatâs already in your
browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site
(assuming your browser lets this happen).

When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to
do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. Thatâs because
your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to
serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.

Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you
personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.

We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit
advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as
health information or religious beliefs.

Learn more about Google ads.

### Our legal policies

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * FAQ

### More information

  * Technologies and Principles
  * Advertising 
  * How Google uses cookies
  * How Google uses pattern recognition
  * Types of location data used by Google

  * How Google Wallet uses credit card numbers
  * How Google Voice works
  * How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps

### Additional resources

  * My Account
  * Google Safety Center
  * Google Product Privacy Guide
  * Your privacy, security, and controls

Change language: Afrikaans Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu CatalÃ ÄeÅ¡tina
Dansk Deutsch Eesti English English (United Kingdom) EspaÃ±ol EspaÃ±ol
(LatinoamÃ©rica) Euskara Filipino FranÃ§ais FranÃ§ais (Canada) Galego Hrvatski
Isizulu Ãslenska Italiano Kiswahili LatvieÅ¡u LietuviÅ³ Magyar Nederlands
Norsk Polski PortuguÃªs (Brasil) PortuguÃªs (Portugal) RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÄina
SlovenÅ¡Äina Suomi Svenska Tiáº¿ng Viá»t TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬
ÐÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹ Ð¡ÑÐ¿ÑÐºÐ¸ Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°
â«×¢××¨××ªâ¬ â«Ø§Ø±Ø¯Ùâ¬ â«Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©â¬ â«ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Ûâ¬ á
áá­á à¤®à¤°à¤¾à¤ à¥ à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ à¦¬à¦¾à¦à¦²à¦¾
àªà«àªàª°àª¾àª¤à« à®¤à®®à®¿à®´à¯ à°¤à±à°²à±à°à± à²à²¨à³à²¨à²¡
à´®à´²à´¯à´¾à´³à´ à¹à¸à¸¢ íêµ­ì´ ä¸­æ (é¦æ¸¯)
ä¸­æï¼ç®ä½ä¸­æï¼ ä¸­æï¼ç¹é«ä¸­æï¼ æ¥æ¬èª

  * Google
  * About Google
  * Privacy
  * Terms

