enter your search terms here enter search  
  
SettingsSettings

  * Privacy
    * How we protect you
    * Q&amp;A;
    * Our privacy policy
  * Settings
  * Support
  * CommunityCommunity

Facebook  
Twitter  
Blog  
  
  * About Us About Us

How we're different  
Our history  
Our people  
Company  
Press center  
  
  * Add StartPage
    * Add to Browser
    * Homepage
    * Mobile Device
  * Language Language

Dansk Deutsch  
English English UK  
Español Français  
Italiano Nederlands  
Norsk Polski  
Portugues Suomi  
Svenska Turkçe  
中文 日本語  
繁體中文 한글  
  
  * Share
  * Theme Theme

Air  
Night  
White  
Black  
Air (Classic)  
White (Classic)  
Black (Classic)  
Classic  
  

PRIVACY

  * How we protect you
  * Q&amp;A;
  * Our privacy policy

* SETTINGS
* SUPPORT

COMMUNITY

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Blog

ABOUT

  * How we're different
  * Our history
  * Our people
  * Company
  * Press center

ADD STARTPAGE

  * Add to Browser
  * Homepage
  * Mobile Device

* SHARE

  
  
  
  
  
  

# Our privacy policy

###  In short: StartPage does not collect or share personal information. We
don't track or profile you.  
The longer version: StartPage is strongly committed to protecting the privacy
of its user community and is dedicated to ensure that your search information
cannot be linked back to you.  
This privacy policy details the - very limited and non-personal - information
Startpage.com ("StartPage") may gather and our disclosure policy.  
  
## What is Personal Information

### Information is regarded as personal when it tells something about a human
being who is or can be (uniquely) identified.  
This definition stems from European law, which applies to StartPage, and is
intentionally broad in order to provide a high level of privacy protection.  
  
This means, for example, that not just names and e-mail addresses can be
personal information, but also numbers or other identifiers, such as your IP-
address, to the extent that they link other information to a specific human
being.

## IP Addresses

### The IP address that is associated with your search will NOT be recorded or
shared.  
In order to prevent the unpleasant possibility that anything you ever search
for online could be traced back to you via your IP-address, we do not record
or share the IP address of any of our visitors.  
  
The only exception is for abusive (automated) queriers that rapidly submit
more queries to StartPage in a short time than any normal human possibly
would.

  
  

## Data Collection

### We don't collect any personal information about our visitors.  
This is a first and very important condition to safeguard your privacy. If
personal information isnt collected, it cant be stolen, demanded, leaked or
exposed.  
  
In fact, the only information we do record is an aggregate total of how many
searches are performed on our website each day (a measure of overall traffic),
and, some other strictly non-personal statistics. Such statistics may include
the number of times our service is accessed by a type of operating system, a
type of browser, a language, etc.or a combination thereof.  
  
We only count the numbers and are in no way able to know what your specific
operating system, browser, language settings, etc may be, because we do not
record that information.  
  
When you use StartPage, we do not record your IP address, we do not record the
browser connected with your search (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Chrome
etc.), the computer platform (Windows, Mac, Linux, etc.) connected with your
search, and we do not record your search words or phrases themselves.  
  
This zero personal data collection policy protects your privacy, since your IP
address, browser, and platform information can be combined with other data to
uniquely identify your computer, your location, or you.  
  
Please note that search queries may convey personal information (think of
someone entering their own name and/or social security number). Although we do
not record your search queries, all queries are submitted to Google
anonymously, as this is required to receive search results.

## Cookies

### StartPage does not use tracking or identifying cookies.  

Preferences

Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent and saved to your computer's
hard drive when visiting sites. StartPage uses only one anonymous cookie
called "preferences". This cookie is to remember the search preferences you
saved for your next visit. It expires after not visiting StartPage for 90
days.  
  
You can choose to accept or refuse cookies by changing the settings of your
browser. It should be noted, however, that your Startpage.com preferences will
not work properly if your cookies are turned off. It is possible to accept
cookies from selected sites only.  
  
You can periodically delete cookies from your computer's hard drive, clearing
out all historical data that may have been saved from your previous web
surfing. If you delete cookies and return to a website, there is no cookie to
recognize you by.  
  
To promote a cookie-free internet, StartPage has a URL generator which
eradicates the need for setting a cookie. It remembers your settings in a
privacy friendly manner. It can be found at the bottom of the SETTINGS page.

## Email Addresses

###  StartPage will not sell or disclose your contact information to any third
parties.  
When you send comments, questions, suggestions, or feedback to StartPage via
email or through our support center, and include an email address and/or
contact information, StartPage may use this information to respond to you. By
submitting feedback you also allow us to detect which browser and operating
system you are using, information that will exclusively be used for helping to
better understand and solve any reported issues better. StartPage will not
sell or disclose your contact information to any third parties. We may,
however, very occasionally send emails to our users regarding StartPage
company information. This service is opt-in and includes the option to
unsubscribe.

## External Links

### After clicking on a search result, you leave the protection offered by
StartPage, unless you use our unique proxy function to protect your identity.  
Please note that this privacy policy applies only to the Startpage.com
website. StartPage is a search engine, and an advertising publisher, so you
will find various links on our site, including but not limited to search
results and sponsored results. These sites are owned and maintained by
independent companies, over which StartPage has no control, and who are not
covered by this privacy policy. StartPage is not liable or responsible for the
content of these sites, or their collection and use of information.  
  
StartPage prevents the leakage of your search terms to third parties by using
the so called POST method by default instead of the GET method, which is used
by many other search providers. The POST method keeps your search terms out of
the logs of webmasters of sites that you reach from our results. Search terms
tell a lot about what you are thinking, which is why this is a privacy issue.
With the POST method StartPage uses, your search terms are stripped off. This
can cause "Web page has expired" messages and prevents from creating shortcuts
of results-pages but is preferred from a privacy perspective. To create
shortcuts you can use the "Bookmark this search" button on the right of the
results page. Alternatively you can switch off "Use POST vs. GET" completely
in SETTINGS.  
  
StartPage also offers a proxy function that allows the users to see the
information on external sites without disclosing their IP address to these
sites. Further information on this great privacy tool can be found here.  
  
To fully protect our users from the privacy risks of the Facebook and Twitter
social media plugins, we have implemented a two-step approach to show these
icons on our site.

## Information Sharing

### StartPage does not share personal information with any third party,
including its provider(s) of regular or sponsored search results.  
When you perform a search on StartPage, the search phrase must be sent to the
provider(s) of the search results, so that they can be generated and presented
to you on the StartPage website.  
  
Some results pages on StartPage include a small number of clearly labeled
sponsored links to generate revenue and cover operational costs. Those links
are retrieved from platforms such as Google Adwords. Because we dont profile
you, the ads are not individually tailored to users. In order to enable the
prevention of click fraud, some non-identifying system information is
transmitted to the sponsored results provider(s). We never share your IP
address or other data that would uniquely identify you.  
  
No tracking cookies are used, so there is no cookie information to be shared.

## Governmental Requests

### StartPage is headquartered in The Netherlands, Europe. Because we don't
store any personal information to begin with, StartPage is unlikely to receive
any requests by governments to hand over data about our users. In the
seventeen years we've been in business, we have never received any such
request.  
  
If we ever do receive a request from Dutch judicial authorities to hand over
certain information, we will have our lawyers check the validity of the
request and determine whether we are obliged to comply. We will not comply
with such requests unless we are convinced that the request is legally valid
and we believe that it is undeniably our legal obligation to comply.  
  
We will not comply with requests from any authorities other than Dutch
authorities. If we receive a request from any foreign government, we will
refuse to comply and will instead instruct the requestor to place a formal
request to the Dutch authorities for mutual assistance.  
  
StartPage will never cooperate with any voluntary surveillance programs. Under
the strong laws that protect the right to privacy in Europe, European
governments cannot legally force service providers like StartPage to implement
a blanket-spying program on their users.

## Underage Children

### We believe that protecting children's privacy online is very important.
Note that we do not collect any personal data about our users at all. As a
consequence StartPage does not request, collect, or share personal information
from persons who are underage.

## The Right to be Forgotten

### Subject to certain conditions, citizens in the EU are given the right to
request the deletion of their personal data when they are inaccurate,
inadequate, or irrelevant or no longer relevant. More information can be found
here.

## Your Privacy, Our Future

### We strongly believe that we have the legal right to safeguard the privacy
of our users by encrypting and not collecting their personal information, and
to keep doing so.  
  
Given the strong protection of the right to privacy in Europe, European
governments cannot legally start forcing service providers like us to
implement a blanket spying program on their users. If that ever changed, we
would fight this to the end.

  
  

Privacy  
It's not just our Policy - it's our Mission!

  
  

## Operator

### Startpage.com is owned and operated by Surfboard Holding BV, Postbus 1079,
3700 BB Zeist The Netherlands. Representative for the Privacy Policy is Robert
E.G. Beens.  
()

  

# Information Sharing

  
  
Some results pages on StartPage include a small number of clearly labeled
sponsored links to cover operational costs. Those links are retrieved from
platforms such as Google Adwords. The ads are NOT individually tailored to
users, and StartPage does NOT record any personal information or share
personal information with the providers of sponsored links at any time.
Clicking on any search result without the use of the proxy will take the user
to the third-party website and away from the protection of StartPage. This is
the case with all external pages, including our sponsored links. Note: the
proxy can help you visit all regular search results anonymously but as you can
see, there is no such option for visiting the sponsored links, as the
advertisers need means to detect click fraud scams.  
  
StartPage's top priority is protecting the privacy of our users, while
providing a quality service.  
  
  
  
  

# The URL-generator

### Save settings without cookies

  * You can save your StartPage preferences by clicking on the "Save Setting" button on the "Settings" page.
  * This will save your settings on your computer in a 'cookie'- a small piece of data stored on your hard drive - called 'preferences'.
  * StartPage's 'preferences' cookie is a non-identifiable cookie and safe to accept, but cookies in general can pose a threat to your privacy.
  * People who prefer not to accept cookies or delete them regularly would not be able to keep their preferences this way.
  * For those people, StartPage has especially provided the "Generate URL" button at the bottom of the "Settings" page.
  * Pushing that button a specific StartPage URL containing your selected settings will be generated.
  * It can be generated in readable or obfuscated form.
  * The generated URL can now be be directly set as your homepage or copied and used as a bookmark.
  * Using this URL all of your preferences will be used the next time you visit StartPage.
  * For even more convenience you can hit 'Install Custom Plugin' after you created your URL.
  * This will install a search bar plugin that includes your settings.
  * You may need to delete previously saved versions first from the search bar's drop down list.
  * Make sure the 'Keyword' you enter differs from the keyword you may have saved before.

StartPage continues to offer you privacy-enhancing features for searching the
web safely!

  
  
  
Jwplayer Loading  
  
(C) 2017 StartPage

StartMail Privacy Policy

