NEWS &amp; GUIDES

FORUMS

SHOP

SEARCH

World of Warcraft

Heroes

Diablo III

Hearthstone

Overwatch

It appears that you may be blocking the ads, and we are fine with it (read
more here). That said, it would really be awesome if you decided to whitelist
our website or make a donation :) You can also send us Bitcoins
(1DEkropiHPWBmfJxogFaXQscfzhmdpTti4)!

HomepagePrivacy Policy

# Privacy Policy

## Data We Collect

At Icy Veins, the only piece of personal information that we collect is your
e-mail address, when you make an account on our forums. Your e-mail address
will never be disclosed to a third party company.

In addition, we use third party software, installed on the site, that collects
personal and/or non personal information.

## Server Logs

OVH is hosting this website and collects non personal information in their
server logs: hour of connection, IP address, page requests, etc. Logs are kept
for one year.

## Traffic Monitoring

We monitor our traffic with Google Analytics. It consist in a javascript
program, executed by your browser, that collect different types of non
personal information and sends them to Google. Traffic statistics are then
drawn from the collected data. Collected types of information include:

  * Internet browser type and version;
  * previously browsed page (where you came to the site from);
  * hour of connection;
  * number of pages seen;
  * time spent on each page;
  * etc.

## Advertisement

Proper.io handles all the advertising on our website. They may use information
(not including your name, address email address, or telephone number) about
your visits to Icy Veins and other Web sites in order to provide you with ads
that you may be interested in.

## Google Adsense

Proper serves Google premium ads on Icy Veins. Google makes use of cookies to
track your habits and collect information about you (including personal
information) when you navigate websites owned by Google or on which Google
software is executed (such as the present site), in order to serve you what
they deem to be the most appropriate ads.

We have no control over the type of information collected by Google. For more
information, please visit  the Advertising and Privacy page from Google. This
page also explains how to opt out of Google advertising cookies.

## Cookies

Cookies are used on Icy Veins for registration, traffic analysis, and
advertisement purposes. The Guardian has a very good article written about
cookies and we encourage you to read it here, as we feel that it would be
pointless to try and write something ourselves that would end up being far
inferior.

## Children's Privacy

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that
reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to
attract anyone under 13.

## Control Over Your Data

The User Control Panel of your forum account gives you ample control about the
private information that you wish to share with us. If you want to delete your
forum account, you will need to send us an e-mail at  privacy@icy-veins.com.

## Further Information

In conformity with French laws (article 23 of the law 78-17 from the 6th of
January 1978, modified in 2004), the CNIL (French National Commission for
Information Technology and Liberties) has been made aware of our user database
and the nature of the data that we collect (declaration 1588056).

For enquiries regarding our privacy policy, please use  privacy@icy-veins.com.

LATEST NEWS

  * June Ranked Play Season - The Magic of Dalaran
  * 7.2.5 Legendary Item Upgrade Clarification
  * PTR Patch 7.2.5 - Build 24218: Class Changes
  * Raid Testing Schedule: Kil'jaeden H, June 1-2
  * IRL Loot Chest Giveaway
  * Blizzard Teases New Diablo Hero
  * Blizzard Joins Instagram!
  * PTR Patch Notes Featuring New Horizon Map

RECENT FORUM POSTS

  * Blizzard Teases New Diablo Hero
  * June Ranked Play Season - The Magic of Dalaran
  * Salty - Legendary Struggles of an HPriest
  * D.Va Patch Meta Tier List (May 2017)
  * 7.2.5 Legendary Item Upgrade Clarification
  * Midrange Secret Hunter Un'Goro Standard
  * [Hellfire] [A] Frequency (7/7HC &amp; 3/3 HC/ NH HC 10/10)
  * Genji Heroes of the Storm

VISIT FORUMS

POPULAR FORUM THREADS

  * Blizzard Teases New Diablo Hero
  * Neck choice...what would you do and why...
  * Beast Midrange Druid Standard
  * Reaching a 'ceiling'
  * D.Va Patch Meta Tier List (May 2017)
  * Balance Update: May 31
  * PTR Patch 7.2.5 - Build 24218: Class Changes
  * D.Va Down to 10K &amp; Tomb of the Spider Queen Hotfix

VISIT FORUMS

PAGE TOP

Force desktop version

Force mobile version

WOW GUIDES

  * Class guides
  * Raid guides
  * Event guides
  * Quest guides
  * Transmogrification guides

HEARTHSTONE GUIDES

  * Standard Decks
  * Wild Decks
  * Arena Spreadsheets
  * Guides
  * Solo adventures
  * Cards

DIABLO III GUIDES

  * Barbarian builds
  * Crusader builds
  * Demon Hunter builds
  * Monk builds
  * Witch Doctor builds
  * Wizard builds
  * Farming/crafting guides
  * Basics

HEROES GUIDES

  * Warrior builds
  * Assassin builds
  * Support builds
  * Specialist builds

SHOP

  * Bestsellers
  * T-shirts
  * Hoodies

ABOUT CONTACT ADVERTISE FAQ PRIVACY TERMS OF USE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

(C) 2011-2017 VEDATIS S.A.S.

Welcome to Icy Veins! Our site uses cookies for sign-up/sign-in, traffic
analysis, and advertising purposes. Find out more here. Ã—

yipee! an advertisement

