#

RSS / Facebook / G+ / Contact / Advertise

  * 1.12 Resource Packs
  * Default
  * Simplistic
  * Realistic
  * Themed
  * RPG
  * Medieval
  * Modern
  * Futuristic
  * Horror

> Minecraft Resource Packs

Privacy Policy

This privacy policy sets out how resourcepack.net uses and protects any
information that you give resourcepack.net when you use this website.

ResourcePack.net is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be
identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only
be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

ResourcePack.net may change this policy from time to time by updating this
page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are
happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 2013/07/27.

What we collect

We may collect the following information:

  * demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
  * other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * Internal record keeping.
  * We may use the information to improve our reviews.

### Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.

Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you
have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have
any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for
the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to
the website in question.

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third
parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may
use your personal information to send you promotional information about third
parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish
this to happen.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or
incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly
correct any information found to be incorrect.

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
using the information below.

http://resourcepack.net/contact-us/

Copyright (C) 2017 ResourcePack.net. All rights reserved. This website is not
affiliated with Mojang AB or Minecraft.  
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Advertise | Contact | Minecraft Sites |
Sitemap | The Minecraft Museum

