## Fandom

Skip to Content Skip to Wiki Navigation Skip to Site Navigation

Games Movies TV

Wikis

  * Explore Wikis
  * Community Central
  * Fandom University

My Account

  * Sign In 
  * Don't have an account? 

Register

Start a Wiki

Advertisement

# Privacy Policy

###  Fandom Policies

  * Terms of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Licensing
  * Community Creation Policy

###  Get Involved Today!

Create your own wiki and find a community of people who all love what you
love.

Create a wiki

Date of Last Revision: May, 2017

This policy outlines the information Wikia collects, how we use that
information, and how you can control how your information is shared. This
policy applies only to Wikia and Fandom, powered by Wikia (collectively, the
“Service” or “Site”), operated by Wikia, Inc. (the "Company"). Please be aware
that when you follow a link to another site, this privacy policy does not
apply, and Wikia has no control over what information they collect from you.
Please further note that in the event that this policy conflicts with our
terms of use, the terms of use controls.

##  The Information We Collect, And What We Do With It

###  In General

In order to sign up for a Wikia account, your chosen username, a valid email
address, password, and date of birth are required. “Optional information” that
we request you provide may include your first name, last name, and your
gender. We may also request that you provide additional “optional information”
such as your interests and hobbies for purposes of enhancing your profile
among the Wikia community. Any “optional information” you choose to provide
may be made public. We use this information to improve your experience with
the Service, including the proper targeting of advertisements.

If you request the creation of a Wikia community, all details submitted in
regard to this may be made public.

#### Cookies

Wikia also may send one or more cookies - a small file that lives in your web
browser that helps the Service operate with full functionality (such as
keeping you logged into the service). Most web browsers allow you to disable
cookies, and you are welcome to continue to use the Service if you choose to
do so. However, some of the Service’s features may not function properly if
cookies are disabled. Wikia uses some of those cookies and the data tracked by
some of those cookies in conjunction with various advertisers and advertising
networks. Wikia has no control over the cookies and other information
collected by advertising and advertising networks which service ads on Wikia,
and this policy does not apply to the information collected in regard to
either of those services.

Wikia’s user data is stored in the United States, and its servers log some
information whenever you access the Service; information such as your IP
address, the time of your visit, your browser type and your browser's language
setting.

If you send a communication to the Company, we may hold onto that
communication so that we can respond appropriately, and so that we can
incorporate your feedback to improve the Service.

You are not required to register for an account or to provide any personal
information to us in order to use the Service.

Wikia collects all the information you provide when you modify the content of
a page or the Service (such as making edits, uploading images, etc.) An
indicator that you provided that information is left on the History tab
associated with the edited page or appropriate special/image page; on the
Recent Changes link, in the Community box on the left side of the Wikia pages,
and in your user contributions.

### Online behavioral advertising for our web and mobile apps

This web site works with third parties, including advertising companies and
website analysis firms, who use cookies to collect Non-Personally Identifiable
Information ("Non-PII") when you visit our Site and third party sites about
your surfing activities, such as IP address and user search data. This Non-
PII, collected through web cookies, is typically used by these third party
advertising networks to serve you with advertisements tailored to meet your
preferences and likely interests.

Some of our third party suppliers, including advertising and website analysis
firms, can also use mobile identifiers to collect Non-PII data and provide
behavioral advertising through your mobile devices and use of our mobile apps.

You can opt-out of receiving personalized website ads from advertisers and ad
networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who
follow the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising
using their respective opt-out tools. The NAI's opt-out tool can be found here
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and the DAA's opt out tool can be
found here http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.

We utilize the Krux platform and cookies to store Non-PII regarding our users.
Krux uses a number of technologies, in addition to cookies, to collect Non-PII
data based on its analysis of your interaction with our sites and to select
advertisements or content to provide to you. You can find out more about how
the Krux platform collects and uses Non-PII by clicking the at the “Privacy”
tab on the Krux web site, www.krux.com. Krux is an NAI member and, as stated
above, you may utilize the NAI opt-out tool to cease our use of the Krux data
for the purpose of sending you personalized advertisements.

To opt out of tracking and receiving targeted ads in our mobile apps based on
your behavior, you can use use the instructions below, which apply to iOS and
Android devices:

  * For iOS 7 and higher: Go to your Settings &gt; Select Privacy &gt; Select Advertising &gt; Enable the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting. 
  * For most Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app &gt; Ads &gt; Enable "Opt out of interest-based advertising". Some Android phones may have Google Settings in other settings locations. 

Note that opting-out may not stop information from being collected on the web
and will not stop your receiving adveritising. However, if you opt-out, the
applical advertisor will not use any information collected from the particular
Wikia web site or mobile app for the purpose of displaying personalized ads.

###  Sharing Your Information

Wikia only shares your information with others in the following circumstances:

  1. As described above 
  2. With our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, contractors, and vendors. We require these parties to process your information in compliance with this policy. 
  3. As required by law enforcement agencies 
  4. As we, in our sole judgment, deem necessary to investigate a breach of security 

If the Company becomes involved in a merger or acquisition or any form of sale
of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice to you, via an update to
this policy, of any personal information to be transferred and/or subject to a
different policy.

We may also share with third parties aggregated, non-personal information,
such as the number of new user registrations over a specific time period or
the number of users who edited a particular community.

Retrieved from "http://www.wikia.com/Privacy_Policy?oldid=54945"

## Ad blocker interference detected!

  

### Wikia is a free-to-use site that makes money from advertising. We have a
modified experience for viewers using ad blockers  
  
Wikia is not accessible if you’ve made further modifications. Remove the
custom ad blocker rule(s) and the page will load as expected.

### Languages:

  * Deutsch
  * Español
  * Русский
  * Français
  * Italiano
  * 日本語
  * Português do Brasil
  * 中文
  * ‪中文(台灣)‬

##

  * Games

  * Movies

  * TV

  * Explore Wikis

### Follow Us

  *   *   *   *   * 

### Overview

  * About
  * Careers
  * Press
  * Contact
  * Wikia.org

  * Terms of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Global Sitemap
  * Local Sitemap

### Community

  * Community Central
  * Support
  * Fan Contributor Program
  * WAM Score
  * Help

Can't find a community you love? Create your own and start something epic.

  * Start a wiki

### Community Apps

Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat.

  *   * 

### Advertise

  * Media Kit
  * Contact

Wikia is a Fandom Lifestyle Community. Content is available under CC-BY-SA.

Sci-Fi GOTG Yondu Prey

