Skip to main content

## You are here

  1. Home

# Privacy Policy

#  RIOT GAMES PRIVACY POLICY

Last modified: October 16, 2015.

  

Welcome to Riot Games! Our privacy policy explains what info Riot Games
collects when you visit the Riot services, as well as ways we might use or
share it. Note that we’re only describing our own practices – this policy
doesn’t apply to third parties, including other companies you might interact
with on or through the Riot services (see Third-Party Websites and Services).

When we say “Riot Games,” we’re referring to Riot Games, Inc. and its
subsidiaries. We’re a global gaming company headquartered in Los Angeles with
offices and operations around the world (see International Data Processing).
When we reference “the Riot services,” we mean League of Legends and any other
games, websites, applications, and services that link to this policy,
regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.

Our privacy policy is part of the Terms of Use for the Riot services in your
region, which are incorporated by reference. This means your visit is also
subject to the Terms of Use (including its provisions regarding limitations on
damages, resolution of disputes, and application of governing law). Please
review all relevant terms, and make sure you understand and agree to them,
before using the Riot services.

READ THIS ENTIRE POLICY CAREFULLY! BY USING THE RIOT SERVICES, YOU’RE AGREEING
TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED BELOW.

We encourage you to use the policy’s interactive features to guide you. We’ve
written summaries to identify the key issues discussed in many sections at a
glance; however, note that these summaries are intended solely for your
convenience and the full policy controls in the event of any conflicts (so be
sure to read the whole thing carefully!). Click on the “Expand” buttons for
further details about particular topics that interest you. To zip between
sections, use the “Back To Top” buttons and the Table of Contents below.

If you don’t understand any parts of the policy, you can always Contact Us
with questions.

#### Table of Contents

  * #### What Info We Collect

  

  * #### How We Collect Info

    * Info You Provide
    * Info We Collect Automatically
    * Other Sources
  

  * #### How We Use And Share Info

    * Using Personal Info
    * Sharing Personal Info
    * Using And Sharing Non-Personal Info
    * The Tribunal
  

  * #### Third-Party Websites And Services

  * #### International Data Processing

  

  * #### Children’s Online Privacy

  

  * #### Do-Not-Track Signals

  

  * #### Your Choices And Controls

  

  * #### Security

  

  * #### Updates And Revisions

  

  * #### Contact Us

Expand all | Collapse all

##  I. WHAT INFO WE COLLECT

Summary: Two types: “personal info” that identifies you as a specific
individual (like your email or street address), and “non-personal info” that
doesn’t (like aggregated statistics). The particular kinds of personal and
non-personal info we gather usually depend on how you interact with us.

  

Expand

To help illustrate, some of the most common examples include:

  * Contact Info. We collect names, email addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers, and similar contact info. 
  

  * Authentication Info. We collect usernames, passwords, and similar info that helps secure and provide access to the Riot services. 
  

  * Payment Info. We collect payment-related info to process purchases you make, including your billing address and details about your selected method of payment (such as your credit card number, expiration date, and any required security codes). 
  

  * Demographic and Preference Info. We collect demographic info (like your date of birth, gender, country, and preferred language) and data about your general interests and preferences (such as the types of games you like to play and your other hobbies). 
  

  * Usage Info. We collect info about how you interact with and navigate the Riot services, as well as the device and software you use to do so. This includes data regarding: 
  

    * your use of the Riot services (such as timestamps, clicks, scrolling, browsing times, searches, referral/exit pages, and in-game interactions); 
  

    * your computer or device (such as IP addresses, unique device IDs, processing capabilities, manufacturer and model, language and other regional settings, geographic location, and screen resolution and similar settings); 
  

    * your connection to the Riot services, including details about the network and software you’re using (such as browser type and version, operating system name and version, ISP, and your preference settings); and 
  

    * how the Riot services perform, including problems you may encounter (such as loading errors and response times). 

Additional details about how we gather info (see How We Collect Info) and the
ways we use it (see How We Use and Share Info) are also available below.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  II. HOW WE COLLECT INFO

Summary: Three main ways:

  * You provide some of it directly (such as by completing a registration form or survey). 
  

  * We record some of it automatically (including with technologies like cookies). 
  

  * We receive some of it from third parties (like social media companies). 

* * *

  

###  A. Info You Provide

Summary: We collect data you choose to provide or give to us in any manner.
You don’t have to share personal info when we ask you for it, but if you
decline, you might not be able to access certain Riot services or take
advantage of their full functionality.

  

Expand

For example, you’ll need a valid Riot Games account to play League of Legends
and access parts of our websites. If you’d like to create one, we’ll ask you
to complete our online registration form, which requests info like a unique
username and password, your email address, and your date of birth. You’ll also
need to choose a public-facing Summoner Name to associate with certain account
activity, like your in-game performance and forum posts.

We ask you for payment-related info to process purchases you make on the Riot
services (see What Info We Collect). In most cases, we’ll also need to share
that info with third-party vendors (like PayOn) to facilitate payment
processing (see Vendors and Service Providers).

Other common ways you might provide us with info include: responding to
surveys; participating in contests or similar promotions; requesting products
or services from us; and using interactive features like forums or in-game
chat.

Collapse

* * *

  

###  B. Info We Collect Automatically

Summary: We and our partners also automatically record some info about how you
use and navigate the Riot services, including through technologies like
cookies. Among other things, this helps us analyze, improve, and secure the
Riot services, as well as support our advertising efforts. We may combine
automatically-collected info with other info we gather from or about you as
described in this policy.

  

Expand

(1) LOG FILES. We automatically gather info about the ways you interact with
the Riot services and store it in log files. This may include, for example,
Usage Info (see What Info We Collect) about your visit, like data that your
device or browser sends to us when you access the Riot services and details
about how you use your Riot Games account.

(2) COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES. “Cookies” are small pieces of
data that online services you use place on your device for record-keeping
purposes. “Web beacons” are transparent pixel images that allow online
services to collect info about the ways you interact with them (like whether
you’ve opened an email or clicked on an ad). Other common tracking
technologies include things like tags, scripts, local shared objects (e.g.,
Flash cookies), local storage (e.g., HTML5), and similar tools.

The Riot services use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to
automatically collect, store, and read files on your device. They may be
delivered in a first-party (i.e., by Riot Games) or third-party (i.e., by
other companies) context. These tools help the Riot services work and operate
more efficiently, as well as capture Usage Info (see What Info We Collect) and
similar data about your browsing experiences.

We use info gathered through tracking technologies for several reasons,
including:

  * To monitor, secure, and maintain the Riot services; 
  

  * To enhance your browsing experience; 
  

  * To analyze and improve our operations (like aggregating traffic and usage patterns); 
  

  * To control the display of ads, including providing you with targeted offers; 
  

  * To support and gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns (like letting us know if you’ve clicked on our ads or opened our emails); 
  

  * To better personalize your visit and store your preferences and settings; and 
  

  * To otherwise manage our relationship with players. 

You can learn more about cookies, including details of how to manage or
disable them, by visiting http://aboutcookies.org/ or consulting your
browser’s privacy features. Some ways of managing traditional cookies may not
impact the use of other tracking technologies, but certain browsers may offer
their own tools for removing HTML5. For additional details about managing
Flash cookies, click here.

Please note that disabling tracking technologies may prevent you from using
the full functionality of the Riot services and they may not work as we
intended.

(3) ANALYTICS PROVIDERS AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING. In addition to the
tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or
similar tools when you visit the Riot services. This includes vendors we’ve
engaged to provide services on our behalf (like website analytics), as well as
third parties that deliver content (like videos from YouTube) or offers (like
ads from ad networks) contained on the Riot services. We may receive reports
based on our partners’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis.

For example, we use third-party analytics providers like Google Analytics to
help evaluate and report on use of the Riot services. These companies may set
and read their own tracking technologies to gather info about your online
activities across websites and services. Some analytics providers offer you
choices about how they collect and use data directly on their websites. To
learn more about opting out of Google Analytics, click here.

We also partner with ad companies to support our marketing efforts, including
by serving you ads better tailored to your likely interests (such as based on
your browsing activity on the Riot services or when visiting other online
services). If you don’t want to take advantage of the services that such
tracking technologies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, or if
you’re located in the EU, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.

Collapse

* * *

  

###  C. Other Sources

Summary: Sometimes we obtain info from third parties (like social media
companies, marketing partners, or public databases) to use along with the info
we collect from you.

  

Expand

For example, our ad partners may share Demographic and Preference Info, Usage
Info, or other similar data (see What Info We Collect) with us to support our
marketing initiatives. This helps us better manage and improve our ad
campaigns, like by displaying more personalized ads and measuring how
effective they are.

We also obtain info from third parties (like Facebook or Twitter) if you
choose to link your account on their services with the Riot services. Your
privacy settings on the third party’s service control what info they share
with us. Please make sure you’re comfortable with what they might share by
reviewing their posted policies, and if applicable, modifying your privacy
settings directly on their service.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  III. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFO

Summary: We use and share personal info with your consent and as needed to
complete a transaction or provide a service you’ve requested or authorized. If
we ever stop existing (like if we’re bought out or invaded by Yordles), know
we could share your info with our successor. Lastly, remember the stuff you
type in chat and forums is treated as public info -- please be careful about
what you’re sharing!

* * *

  

###  A. Using Personal Info

Summary: The personal info we collect helps us operate our business, provide
and improve our products and services, communicate with you, and advertise
effectively. The particular ways we use personal info often depend on how you
choose to use the Riot services.

  

Expand

Common examples include:

  * To respond to inquiries, fulfil requests, and process transactions; 
  

  * To deliver and tailor our communications with you, like by sending you important account-related announcements or promotional communications that we believe may interest you (for details about managing your communication options, check out Your Choices and Controls below); 
  

  * To administer surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and similar offerings; 
  

  * To monitor, analyze, protect, and improve our operations; 
  

  * To promote products and services and measure the effectiveness of those campaigns; 
  

  * To personalize your Riot experience, including by presenting content or features better tailored to your interests; 
  

  * To operate and expand our business; and 
  

  * To facilitate social sharing and related functionality. 

We also process personal info as described in Compelled Uses and Disclosures
below.

Collapse

* * *

  

###  B. Sharing Personal Info

Summary: We share personal info as described in this policy and as necessary
to provide services you request or process transactions you authorize.

  

Expand

(1) SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES. We share personal info with Riot Games-
controlled subsidiaries and affiliates to be used jointly by us and them as
described in this policy. Since we’re a global company, this means your
personal data could be transferred to or stored in locations outside your
country of residence (see International Data Processing).

(2) VENDORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS. We share personal info with vendors and
service providers that operate on our behalf for the purposes discussed in
this policy. For example, when you buy something on the Riot services, we’ll
share your payment-related info with entities we’ve engaged to process
payments and provide similar financial services (like fraud prevention). If we
do share personal info with vendors, they’re only allowed to process it as
necessary to perform the services we’ve requested.

(3) INFO YOU SHARE. You relinquish any expectation of privacy in the info you
share publicly through interactive features we control, including forums and
in-game chat. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to monitor your
use of them. To request removal of your personal info from forums or similar
features controlled by Riot Games, Contact Us. We may not be able to remove
your personal info in some cases, but we’ll let you know why.

(4) CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS. We may disclose personal info in the event of any
reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other
disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including
in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). You agree that your
info may be one of the assets transferred to the acquiring entity in such
situations.

(5) COMPELLED USES AND DISCLOSURES. We may use, disclose, and preserve
personal info as we determine in our sole discretion is necessary or
appropriate to:

  * Comply with applicable law or respond to legal process (including from law enforcement or other public or government authorities); 
  

  * Operate and secure the Riot services (like stopping attacks on our systems); 
  

  * Protect players and third parties (such as to help prevent serious injury or crime); and 
  

  * Protect our own rights, property, and operations (like enforcing our contracts and terms -- including the Terms of Use and this policy -- and pursuing available remedies or limiting the damages we may sustain). 

Collapse

* * *

  

###  C. Using And Sharing Non-Personal Info

Summary: We use and share non-personal info for many of the same reasons as
personal info: it helps us operate our business, provide and improve our
products and services, and advertise effectively. Because it doesn’t
personally identify you, we often process non-personal info to support our
operations in different ways as well. We reserve the right to process non-
personal info for any lawful business purposes not otherwise prohibited by
this policy.

  

Expand

Some of the most common reasons we use and share non-personal info include:

  * To personalize your Riot Games experience; 
  

  * To track usage patterns and analyze trends; 
  

  * To promote products and services and measure the effectiveness of those campaigns; 
  

  * To control the display of content and advertisements, including interest-based ads; 
  

  * To monitor and improve the Riot services; 
  

  * To conduct research (including by collaborating with third parties, such as universities); 
  

  * To administer the Riot services, secure our operations, and prevent frau 
  

  * To diagnose technical issues like server problems; 
  

  * To manage our relationship with our players; and 
  

  * To share in-game data with the League of Legends developer community via the Riot Games API so they can help contribute to the player experience (this might include things like your win / loss record, item builds, and average number of kills and deaths so other players can look up your recent match history). 

Note that non-personal info includes aggregated, anonymized, or otherwise de-
identified info that doesn’t individually identify you.

Collapse

* * *

  

###  D. The Tribunal

We’ve empowered the League of Legends community to help police compliance with
our policies related to in-game behavior. Players may report each other and
submit descriptions of their in-game activity and actions, and in certain
cases, collectively determine if the reported behavior constituted a violation
of rules and procedures that apply to player conduct.

As described in our Tribunal Policy, we record in-game chat and store it for a
period we determine in our sole discretion from time to time. If you’re
reported and your case is brought before The Tribunal, chat from the reported
game sessions will automatically be included in The Tribunal report and
available for viewing by others. Please be careful what you share in chat!

Back To Top

##  IV. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES

Summary: We work with third parties to make your experience better, but our
privacy policy doesn’t and can’t apply to entities we don’t own or control.
We’re unable to guarantee that other companies adhere to the same practices as
us, so please be sure to read their policies and terms before sharing info
with them.

  

Expand

There are several ways you might share info with third-party websites or
services in connection with your visit, including:

  * External Links. If you click on links to external websites or services that are operated by third parties, they may collect, use, and share your personal info pursuant to their own policies (not ours). Including a link to or from third-party services doesn’t mean we’ve endorsed their practices. 
  

  * Payment Processing. Depending on your selected payment method and region of the world, payment-related info you provide may be collected directly by third-parties and subject to their privacy policy. For example, to make purchases using PayPal, you’ll need to share payment info with PayPal directly and PayPal’s use of your info will be subject to PayPal’s privacy policy. 
  

  * Social Media Features. The Riot services use interfaces with social media companies to provide features that facilitate social sharing and connections (such as the Facebook “Like” button and other widgets). These features may collect info about your interactions with them and the Riot services, and may use tracking technologies like cookies to function properly. How social media companies process your info is controlled by their own privacy policies. 
  

  * Third-Party Tracking. The Riot services contain cookies, web beacons, and other common tracking technologies that help us collect and analyze info in connection with your visit (see Info We Collect Automatically). Third parties (like analytics providers or ad networks) may set and read their own tracking technologies on the Riot services. If they do, they’re responsible for using these tools as described in their respective privacy policies. 

Please remember to contact third parties directly (and not Riot Games) if you
have any questions or concerns about their practices.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  V. INTERNATIONAL DATA PROCESSING

Summary: We’re a global gaming company with operations around the world. By
using the Riot services, you’re authorizing us to process your info anywhere
we or our partners do business.

  

Expand

(1) OPERATING THE RIOT SERVICES. The Riot services are controlled and operated
by or on behalf of Riot Games from:

  * in the case of Riot Games, Inc., the United States; 
  

  * in the case of Riot Games Korea, Ltd., South Korea; 
  

  * in the case of Riot Games, LLC, Japan; and 
  

  * in the case of Riot Games Ltd., Ireland. 

For important details regarding which laws apply to your use of the Riot
services and any disputes with Riot Games, be sure to check out the Terms of
Use.

(2) CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS AND STORAGE. We may process and store info we
collect anywhere that we or our partners operate, including the U.S. By using
the Riot services, you’re expressly authorizing us to transfer your personal
info to (and process it in) countries outside of your country of residence,
each of which may have different privacy rules than your country.

(3) OUR SAFE HARBOR CERTIFICATION. Riot Games, Inc. complies with the U.S. -
E.U. Safe Harbor framework and U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth
by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and
retention of personal data from the European Union member countries and
Switzerland. Riot Games, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor
Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data
integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor
program, and to view Riot Games, Inc.’s certification, please visit:
http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.

(4) OUR TRUSTe CERTIFICATION. As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor
program, we’ve partnered with TRUSTe to help ensure we adhere to best
practices regarding the processing of personal info in connection with our
websites located at na.leagueoflegends.com, euw.leagueoflegends.com,
eune.leagueoflegends.com, na.lolesports.com, euw.lolesports.com, and
eune.lolesports.com (collectively, the “Certified Properties”). Riot Games,
Inc. has received TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal signifying that this policy and our
privacy practices on the Certified Properties have been reviewed by TRUSTe for
compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available
by clicking on the TRUSTe seal posted to each of the Certified Properties.

Please note the TRUSTe program only covers info we process through the
Certified Properties and does not apply to info we gather through other Riot
services, including our mobile or downloadable applications. For the sake of
clarity, if you’re unable to see the TRUSTe seal in the version of the policy
you’re currently reading, the Riot service through which you’re accessing this
policy isn’t a Certified Property (and isn’t covered by the TRUSTe program).

If you have any privacy-related questions or concerns, Contact Us. We’ve also
agreed to TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes involving personal info we
receive from the European Economic Area. If you’re an EU resident and we’re
unable to resolve your concerns, you may contact TRUSTe here. TRUSTe’s dispute
resolution process will be conducted in English.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  VI. CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY

Summary: You’ve got to be at least 13 to use our stuff. No, seriously…13 and
older only!

  

Expand

The Riot services are general audience services not intended for children
under the age of 13. We don’t direct content specifically at, and don’t
knowingly collect personal info from, any such children. If you’re younger
than 13, please don’t use the Riot services or otherwise provide us any
personal info. If you’re the legal guardian of a child younger than 13 and
have reason to believe he or she has provided personal info to Riot Games,
please Contact Us immediately to request that we delete it.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  VII. DO-NOT-TRACK SIGNALS

Summary: Our services don’t respond to Internet browser DNT signals.

  

Expand

Some newer Internet browsers incorporate “Do Not Track” features. If
activated, these features often send a signal to the services you visit
indicating that you don’t want to be tracked in some way. Those services (or
content on them placed by third parties) may continue to engage in activities
you may view as tracking even though you’ve expressed this preference,
depending on the service’s privacy practices.

Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT
signal, Riot Games does not currently respond to browser DNT signals on the
Riot services. To learn more about the privacy-related choices that we do
offer, see Your Choices and Controls below.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  VIII. YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS

Summary: You have choices regarding your use of the Riot services and the ways
we process info. Since you can interact with us in many different ways, the
particular controls available to you often depend on the nature of our
relationship.

  

Expand

Here are some examples:

  * Limit personal info you share. The main way we collect personal info is when you give it to us voluntarily. You can choose to browse some parts of the Riot services without ever creating an account, purchasing products or services, or otherwise submitting personal info to Riot Games (see Info You Provide). If you do provide us with personal info, we generally retain it as long as your account is active or as is otherwise necessary to provide the Riot services and operate our business (including for purposes like complying with our legal obligations, managing internal books and records, preventing fraud, resolving disputes, and enforcing our contracts and terms, such as this policy and the Terms of Use), unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law. 
  

  * Access or delete your personal info. If you’re concerned with the way we’re handling your personal info, or would like to update or delete it, Contact Us. We’ll respond to requests to access or delete your personal info within 30 days. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal info, but we’ll let you know why. Note that requesting deletion of your personal info may also result in account termination. 
  

  * Update your communication preferences. While we offer players the option to receive updates and promotional communications from Riot Games, you can change your preferences at any time. To opt-out, simply “unsubscribe” by following the instructions in any of our promotional emails. These choices don’t apply to mandatory communications that are part of the Riot services, like important account-related notices. 
  

  * Change your browser settings. Many Internet browsers allow you to reject, manage, and delete cookies. You may also be able to manage other forms of tracking technologies, like HTML5, by changing your browser settings (see Info We Collect Automatically). 
  

  * Control third-party tracking. Ad companies, analytics providers, and similar third parties place their own tracking technologies on the Riot services (see Info We Collect Automatically). If you don’t want to take advantage of the services that such tracking technologies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, or if you’re located in the EU, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. Some companies also allow you to opt-out by contacting them directly. 
  

  * Update your third-party privacy settings. If you authorize third-party services to share info with us, you may be able to control the types of info they make available by directly updating your privacy settings on their service. For example, if you link your social media account with the Riot services, your privacy settings on the social media company’s service determine what info we receive (see Other Sources). 

Collapse

Back To Top

##  IX. SECURITY

Summary: We’re committed to securing personal info, but can’t guarantee the
security of any data we collect from you. By choosing to share personal info
with us (or anybody else online these days), you’re accepting this risk.

  

Expand

We use physical, technical, and organizational security safeguards to help
protect your personal info from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For
example, we use computer systems with limited access in controlled facilities
to store personal info. We also use technologies like encryption and hashing
to protect some of the info we collect.

However, please note that no server, communications network, or data
transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. The Riot services are no
exception. We can’t guarantee the security of any info transmitted through the
Riot services and make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such
loss or misuse.

It’s up to you whether you’d like to share personal info with us; if you do,
you’re acknowledging and agreeing that you’re doing so at your own risk.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  X. UPDATES AND REVISIONS

Summary: We’ll make changes to this policy over time to keep you better
informed about how we handle player info.

  

Expand

We’ll update our privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes in
technology, law, our business operations, or any other reason we determine is
necessary or appropriate. When we do make changes, we’ll update the “Last
Modified” date at the top of the policy and post it to the Riot services. If
we make material changes to the policy or the ways we process personal info,
we’ll provide you additional notice as well (such as by prominently posting a
notice of the changes on the Riot services before they take effect or sending
you a notification directly).

We encourage you to check back periodically to review our privacy policy for
any changes since your last visit. This will help ensure you better understand
your relationship with Riot Games, including the ways we process your info.

Collapse

Back To Top

##  XI. CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this policy or our privacy practices, please
send them to us via email at privacy@riotgames.com or via postal mail at the
appropriate address listed below.

If you live anywhere in North America or South America (except Brazil):

  

Riot Games, Inc.  
Attn: Legal Department  
12333 West Olympic Blvd.  
Los Angeles, CA 90064  
United States

If you live in South Korea:

  

Riot Games Korea, Ltd.  
Attn: Legal Department  
14F, ICT Tower, 624 Gangnam-Daero, Gangnam-Gu  
Seoul, Korea

If you live in Japan:

  

Riot Games, LLC  
Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 34F  
6-10-1, Roppongi, Minato-ku,  
Tokyo 106-6134  
Japan

If you live anywhere else, including the European Union or Brazil:

  

Riot Games Ltd.  
Attn: Legal Department  
PO Box 11989  
Dublin 2  
Ireland

Back To Top

  

  * About League Of Legends
  * Prepaid Cards
  * Help Us Improve
  * Service Status
  * Support
  * Esports Pro Site

Riot Games

  * YouTube.com 
  * Twitter.com 
  * Facebook.com 

Play Now

(C) 2017 Riot Games, Inc. All rights reserved. Riot Games, League of Legends
and PvP.net are trademarks, services marks, or registered trademarks of Riot
Games, Inc.

  * updated  Privacy Policy 
  * Terms Of Use 

PVP.net

  * Signup
  * Support

